It's virgo.	It's Libra.
[2] Hehe, I also know that she is the Most Popular Actress of the Chinese Film Media Award.	[2] I also know that she has won the Asian Film Awards for Best Actress.
Yes, and she also won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actress.	She was born for acting and has won the Chinese Film Media Awards for Best Actress.
[3] I recommend you to see the movie named "Heroes of Earth". The movie combines martial arts with Chinese traditional culture.	[3] Here's a movie for you. It's called The Equation of Love & Death starred by her. In this movie, she devoted rich passion and sincerity, bringing the audience into the situation of "love or die" and making people think a lot about the city, love, gain and loss.
It's good.	Yes, it does.
OK, you'll like it.	Yeah. Come to me anytime when you want to see movies later.
Bye!	Bye!
It's September 27th.	Yes, it's on August 26th, 1974.
[2] Do you like Bo Huang? He is a very good actor.	[2] You seem to like him very much. I tell you what, he once won the Golden Phoenix Awards.
He is a solid actor. He has won the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards and the Best Actor of the Asian Film Awards.	Well, he has also won the Best Actor at Beijing University Film Festival, and China Film Director's Guild Awards for Best Actor.
[3] Yes. Do you want to see his movie Les Saisons? It's very good. It's a good documentary.	[3] Of course. Here I wanna recommend to you the movie Crazy Racer starred by him. The movie is very excellent at mobilizing the audience's emotions, using jokes, and challenging fans' intelligence and attention. It's both interesting and high-end.
Yes, it's a comedy.	Yeah, it's a comedy action movie.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Trust me, you won't be disappointed.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
Today's weather is cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 18 ℃, and low 8 ℃.	It's cloudy with no continuous wind direction. The highest temperature will be 24℃, and the lowest temperature will be 20℃.
[2] You're welcome. It's a good day to eat Spicy Crawfish.	[2] You're welcome. It's a good day for eating Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili.
That's great. It's a very popular hot dish.	Fish is nutritious. It's good to have it more.
[3] If you want to eat, I know a restaurant whose Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili is very good.	[3] It is recommended that you go to Pinshuguo Selected Sichuan Restaurant(ScienceTown store) to have it, which is a specialty at this store.
The price per person is 49.	58 yuan. It's not expensive.
No.270, ScienceTown, No.270, Science City, Huangpu District.	It's on the 3rd floor of Gaodehui Shopping Center, located at the Science Avenue NO.193, Science City, Huangpu District.
It's 3.9.	It's 4.2.
Sure, no problem.	Sure, no problem.
Bye!	Bye, next time.
It's April 7, 2018.	It's May 24.
[2] You're welcome. You know what? Today is Cecilia Cheung's birthday.	[2] You know what? Today is Cecilia Cheung's birthday.
Yes. She is the Most Anticipated Actress of the Chinese Film Media Award.	She has won the 23rd Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress.
[3] I'd like to recommend her movie named The Crescent. Cecilia Cheung's performance in it is really amazing.	[3] Here's a movie for you. It's called Fly Me to Polaris. It's the one and only romantic movie that moved me.
It's Jingming Guo.	The director is Chucheng Ma.
Not bad.	It's good.
Bye!	Bye!
OK, I'm playing it for you.	Yes. It's playing for you.
[2] Do you want to listen to Orchid Pavillion? It's a classic lyric pop song.	[2] You're welcome. Actually, Begone Love by Leslie Cheung is also very catchy. It's the most unforgettable song among other songs by him. You can listen to it.
So how about Run Toward the Future? This is one of the songs of the movie Heroes 2.	What about The Years Flow Like Water? It once won the Hong Kong Top 20 Gold Songs Awards in 1997.
You can listen to it. It's very nice.	Ha ha, yes! Don't miss it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	I'm playing The Years Flow Like Water for you.
Bye!	Bye.
Yes, it's cloudy with northeast winds in Xuzhou today. The high will be 18 ℃ and low 8 ℃.	Yes, it will turn from sunny to cloudy, with northeast wind. The highest temperature will be 23℃, and the lowest temperature will be 12℃.
[2] This kind of weather is suitable for eating Peanuts with Black Vinegar.	[2] My pleasure. By the way, isn't it wonderful to have a Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers in such weather?
You'll feel warm after eating it.	Really? Is it the pickled pepper in it that gives you an appetite?
[3] Well, I recommend you to order Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers at the Little Pink Fish Sichuan Restaurant.	[3] Your mouth must be watering now. It's recommended that you order it at Homelike Sichuan Restaurant. It won't let you down.
It's only 44 yuan per person.	25 yuan. It's very cheap.
It's located at No. 226 Qilian Road, Chengguan District.	Donghu Garden, 22-19 Zhongbei East Road, Wuchang District.
It's got a 4.1.	3.5, not bad.
OK, no problem.	OK, I've arranged it for you.
Bye!	All right. Bye.
She's 168cm tall.	56kg.
[2] Speaking of Bingbing Fan, she won the Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.	[2] You're welcome. You must like her very much since you pay so much attention to her.
She has also won the Best Actress of the Houston International Film Festival.	Yeah, she has won the Chinese Film Media Award for Most Anticipated Actress.
[3] Yes, you can watch her movie, The Bare-Footed Kid. It's a good domestic movie.	[3] If you like her so much, go to see the movie Call for Love starred by her. It's very warm, known as New Year's comedy about urban spicy love.
Bingbing Fan and Daniel Wu.	Zheng Xu, Bingbing Fan, Annie and Eva Huang and so on.
You're going to love it.	I hope you like it.
Bye!	Hope you like it, bye!
Not bad.	Not bad.
Yes. I've been promoted.	Yes, I just got promoted lately.
I don't want to listen to music now.	Well, but I don't want to talk about songs now.
OK, Leslie Cheung is my favorite star.	I like him very much. He is a god-given talent.
He's also the winner of the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Original Film Song.	He was also accomplished at film and once won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.
I'm not interested in this film.	I don't want to see it now.
What's the score?	Sounds good. Could you tell me who the director of it is?
Sounds good. I'll see it sometime.	It must be a good movie.
[5] Okay, talk to you next time. Bye.	[5] Yeah. It's getting late. I'm going to bed.
Bye!	Ok, good night.
It's 6 p.m.	It's 6:00 p.m.
[2] Hey hey, it's sunny with northwest winds today. The high will be 8 ℃ and low - 8 ℃. Be sure to keep warm.	[2] I also know that it's cloudy with northeast wind in Yinchuan today. The maximum temperature will be -8℃ and the minimum temperature of will be -16℃.
Thank you for that.	Thank you for that.
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
It's April 28th.	He was born on April 28, 1974.
[2] Jiong He is a popular host in the entertainment circle, and has won the 25th Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.	[2] He is a household name as a famous host.
He is not only good at hosting, but also excellent. He has won the Best Entertainment Show Host of New Weekly.	He's not only good at hosting, but also at singing. He was elected as the host of the most popular TV program among college students at the China Student Television Festival.
Yes, many people like his songs very much.	[3] Yes. The song Another Self by him is very good. It's warm, catchy and amazingly soothing.
Then you can't miss it.	Then give it a try. At 41 years old, he challenged "his another self" to realize the dream of directing, and put it into the song. It conveys the message that it's never late to realize one's dream.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play this song for you?
Another Self is playing for you.	Another Self is playing for you now.
I'm glad you like it.	Yeah, it's fascinating.
All right. Bye!	Bye!
It's sunny with northwest winds today. The high will be 18 ℃ and low 12 ℃.	Good evening. There's haze with northwest wind in Tianjin today. The maximum temperature will be 9℃, and the minimum temperature will be 3℃. Don’t forget to wear a mask when you go out.
[2] You're welcome. It's a good day to eat Poached Spicy Slices of Pork.	[2] You're welcome. It's suitable for eating Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers in such weather.
Many people like this hot dish.	It tastes spicy. And it's great to put some chopped peppers in it.
Well, I'm glad you like it.	Well, have a good meal.
Bye!	See you tomorrow.
Good evening.	Good evening! It's a wonderful night.
Yes, I did well in the exam, haha.	Yes, I've got bonus today.
My name is Xuanchao Ji.	My name is Fangyang Liu.
I'm a girl.	Of course I'm a girl. You can tell that from my name.
I'm 26 years old.	I'm 18.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	Not really. I think every girl likes celebrities and movies just as me.
[6] Well, I'm going to bed, goodbye.	[6] It's relaxing to chat with you. I'm going to bed. Goodbye!
Goodbye.	Well, OK. Bye!
Very good.	It's hard to believe. I've got bonus, hahaha! I'm so happy.
Thank you.	Thank you! I can feel your joy.
Not really for movie at the moment.	I'm happy now, but I don't want to talk about movies.
Yeah, he is my favorite star.	I'm interested in him.
Yes, he is excellent.	I know. He's my favorite star, who has won the Grand Bauhinia Medal. He's more than an actor.
I've heard it.	It's really catchy. But I've listened many times, and I don't want to listen to it today.
Sounds good. It's a song worth listening to.	It must be sensational and worth listening to.
OK, I want to listen to it.	Well, I'm already excited, not to mention it's sung by my idol.
Yes, please.	Sure, please.
[6] It's really a great song. I want to listen to it now.	[6] It's great! I had a good day. Gotta wash up now.
Bye!	Goodbye!
Today is cloudy to sunny, with southwest wind. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 3 ℃.	It will turn from sunny to cloudy with north wind. The highest temperature will be 25℃, and the lowest temperature will be 16℃. It's a good day!
[2] It's a perfect day to eat Marinated Fish.	[2] It's suitable for eating Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce in such weather.
Yes, this hot dish can warm your stomach.	Sounds good! My mouth is watering now.
You can go and have a try.	[3] You can order it at Little Pink Fish Sichuan Restaurant(RT Mart store).
It's 50 for one person, and the score is 4.4.	It's 200 meters west(RT Mart) of the north intersection of Yanzhou Road and Haiqu Road, Donggang District. It costs 44 yuan for one person with a score of 3.5.
Sure, no problem.	Sure, no problem.
Bye!	Bye!
Jackie Chan.	Jackie Chan.
[2] Speaking of Jackie Chan, he's a famous international action superstar.	[2] By the way, he is a senior movie star and was awarded as one of the top ten outstanding young people in Hong Kong.
He has also won many awards, such as Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	He's outstanding! He has won the 89th Academy Honorary Award for Lifelong Achievement.
[3] You can see his movie Jackie Chan: The Untold Story, which is a special feature of Hong Kong films. It shows the struggle of Jackie Chan in the struggle for Hong Kong independence.	[3] Then don't miss The Foreigner he starred in. It's very exciting with wonderful plot.
It's a documentary.	It an action, crime and feature movie.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I'm sure you'll like it.
Bye!	Goodbye.
OK, it's playing for you.	Sure, no problem.
[2] I'm flattered. Do you want to listen to his song All the Way? It's a very positive song.	[2] You can listen to The Daytime Never Know The Darkness Of Night by him. Many people like his singing very much.
Yes, his Self Directed Act is also very catchy. You can listen to it.	[3] Yes. Here's another song called Dream at That Time, also sung by Jiong He. Don't miss it. It sings out the first dream of most people.
It's a very good song.	You're gonna like it. Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	OK, in a minute.
See ya!	All right. Bye!
It's 12:00 noon, December 14, 2018.	It's 22 o'clock.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, it'll turn from sunny to cloudy today with northeast winds. The high will be 6 ℃, and low - 3 ℃.	[2] You’re welcome. I wanna remind you that it's cloudy today with no continuous wind direction. The highest temperature will be 22℃, and the lowest temperature will be 12℃.
I will always be your sweetest baby.	I'll always be your sweetie.
Me too.	Me too.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Good evening.	Good evening!
I've been very busy recently.	I've got bonus. I'm so happy.
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	My name is Haiyu Wu.
Yes, you're smart.	Yes, I am.
I'm 21.	I'm 40 years old.
I like stars, watching movies and listening to music.	Yes. I like chasing stars and listening to music to kill my spare time.
Well, I like listening to the song named named There Is a Place.	Yeah, I like listening to The One and Only.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.
Shenyang today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be - 4 ℃ and low - 14 ℃.	There's light rain before it turns overcast, with no continuous wind direction. The maximum temperature will be 22℃, and the minimum temperature will be 18℃.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Sautéed Beef Fillet.	[2] Thank you! Now it's time for dinner. It's still rainy outside. Eat some hot food to warm up your body.
Yes, this hot dish will warm your stomach.	Sautéed Beef Fillet is great.
[3] If you want to have it, I recommend you to book it in Wanzhou Roasted Fish.	[3] You can order it at Hunan Flavour Restaurant (Developing District Store). It's delicious.
It's 50 yuan.	0 yuan.
It's on the fourth floor of Zhubang City Square, Zhongshan Road, Shinan District.	It's located at Building 105 on the Tongzishan Road, Jinxing Village, Economic and Technological Development Zone, Zhanggong District.
It's 3.9.	It's 3.5.
OK, I'm on it.	OK, I'm making a reservation for you.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
It will turn from sunny to cloudy with southwest winds. The high will be 17 ℃, and low 7 ℃.	It will turn from overcast to cloudy, with northwest wind. The highest temperature will be 4℃, and the lowest temperature will be -3℃.
[2] It's a good day to eat Marinated Fish.	[2] It's suitable for eating Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce in such weather.
This hot dish is very popular.	Yeah, the cold dish is very delicious.
[3] You can order Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce from Xiangfulou Hunan Cuisine.	[3] Wochi Spicy(Wanxiang Plaza, Qingdao) is famous for its Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce.
35 yuan.	67 yuan.
The address is No.18(Wanxiang Plaza, Qingdao), No.1 Floor, Huyuan 2nd Road, Xiaguan District.	L543 Wanxiang Plaza, No.10 Shandong Road, Shinan District(Hong Kong Middle Road).
3.9.	It's 3.3.
I'll make a reservation for you.	Sure, no problem.
Bye!	Bye!
Jay Chou is the first paid professional racing driver in Hong Kong.	Yes. Jay Chou is a household name, a talented actor and musician. He is a superstar, a real singer.
[2] Speaking of Jay Chou, he is the Best-selling Chinese Singer of the World Music Awards four times.	[2] Thanks! He has won Golden Melody Award for Best Male Mandarin Singer twice.
He is also the winner of the 15th Huading Award for Best Singer in Asia.	He has also won the 4th World Music Awards for Best-selling Artist in China.
[3] Do you want to listen to his song There Is a Place? The song is a classic lyric pop song in the hearts of his fans.	[3] Yes, do you want to listen to them now?
Playing for you.	I recommend you listen to the song Free Tutorial Video. Jay has been making progress, going ahead of time.
[4] Would you like to play this song for you now?	[4] Shall I play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
I'm fine recently. I've been promoted.	Good afternoon. I've retired recently. Got nothing to do. I'm lonely.
Sure.	OK, I will.
My name is Xiaoxiang Guo.	My name is Fanzhen Zhang.
Yes.	You're so smart. You guessed it right.
I'm 26 years old.	65. I'm an old man.
I usually like listening to music and watching news.	Nothing but following news of celebrities, listening to music and watching the news of the stars I like.
[6] Thank you for your compliment. I'm going to have a rest. Talk later.	[6] You're right. I've got stuff to do now. Talk to you next time.
Bye!	Bye!
OK, playing now.	Playing now.
[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend another song The Sun Washed by Spring Rain, which is one of Leslie Cheung's representative Cantonese songs. It's a very moving song.	[2] My pleasure. I wanna recommend to you another song called All the Things You Never Knew. You can listen to it. It's very catchy. The beautiful and sensational melody and a few simple lyrics can make you fall into love.
How about November Rain? It's a good one.	All right. How about Need Some Company? It's also a great song. It's like listening to a singer murmuring about the loneliness of urbanites in a music restaurant. It's worth listening to.
It's sung by Jiong He.	It's sung by Leehom Wang.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Shall I play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, it's playing for you.
You are welcome.	I'm glad you like it.
Goodbye.	Goodbye.
It's not bad recently.	Don't mention it. I've degressed. I will be scolded again.
OK, I see.	Yes, I have to think positively and move on.
I like watching Bo Huang's movies.	Once a Thief.
It's Nicholas Tse.	It must be Leslie Cheung.
Yes, he is my idol.	Yeah, that's why he's called a brilliant artist. He was very attractive.
Yeah, I'll always support him.	Wow, in this case, I like the right people.
I've seen it before.	But I don't like it and I don't want to see it.
Who is the director?	Do you know what kind of movie it is?
It's my type. I'll see it.	I'm lost in it. I'll come to see it later. Thanks for your recommendation!
[6] OK, I'm going to study. Talk to you next time.	[6] Ha ha! I've got stuff to do. Talk later.
Bye!	All right. Bye!
Good afternoon!	Hi.
It's easy.	I've made progress lately, hee hee!
My favorite song is Dream at That Time.	Could You Love Me.
I like him very much.	I like him. He's a very good person.
Yes, he is really excellent.	Yeah, I love the programs he hosts.
I've heard this song. I don't want to hear it now.	I've already heard it.
I'd like to listen to it.	Sounds like a good song.
I really want to hear it.	I will listen to it.
Sure.	Sure, please.
It's really good. I love it.	It's finished. It does sound catchy.
[6] I'm going to bed. Talk to you later.	OK, I get home now. I'm going to eat.
Bye!	See ya!
Today's mostly cloudy with northeast wind, the highest temperature is 22℃, the lowest temperature is 13℃.	Well, there's moderate rain before it turns to light rain with northeast wind in Nanchang, dear. The highest temperature will be 16℃, and the lowest temperature will be 14℃.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili.	[2] It's a good day for Stir-Fried Venerupis.
Then you can try it.	It's very delicious!
[3] OK, you can order it from Wanzhou Roasted Fish.	I'm sure you'll like it.
Bye!	OK, bye.
It will turn from cloudy to light rain with north winds. The high will be 18 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	It's sunny with north wind. The highest temperature will be 26℃, and the lowest temperature will be 19℃.
[2] You're welcome. It is suitable to eat Red-Cooked Pork in such weather.	[2] I wanna recommend Stir-Fried Venerupis to you. It's suitable for eating it in such weather.
Then go and eat it today.	You can try it today.
[3] You can order Stir-Fried Venerupis at Wanzhou Roasted Fish. It tastes great.	[3] The Stir-Fried Venerupis at Wanzhou Roasted Fish is tasty. You can also order it at this store.
The price per capita is 35 yuan. The score is 4.2.	It costs 48 yuan for one person with a score of 4.
It's on the fourth floor of Zhubang City Square, Zhubang district.	It's located at Pheasant Road No.108, Xiangshan District (next to Lifeng Hotel).
OK, I'll make a reservation for you.	OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.
Bye!	Bye!
I'm very good recently. I've been promoted.	Well, don't mention it. I feel bad lately.
I didn't do well in the exam recently. I'm in a bad mood.	I didn't do well in the exam.
Okay.	Mm-hmm, thank you.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Xiaoqian Ren. Xiao means dawn, not about the size. Don't take it mistakenly.
Yes, I'm a girl.	Hehe, you are so smart. I'm really a girl.
I'm eight years old.	I'm an adult now. I just had my 19th birthday.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	Ha ha, I like listening to music just like any other young people.
[6] Yeah. I'm going to school. Talk later.	[6] Yes, I must add some fun to the long study life. I'm going to bed. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
Of course, it's Jiong He.	It's Jiong He.
[2] Jiong He is the star of Hunan Satellite TV.	[2] Hee hee, he was among the top ten most influential TV hosts over internet at the 3rd China Film and Television Network Influence Ceremony.
He was also the Best Entertainment Show Host of New Weekly and was nominated for the Most Popular Male TV Host of China Student Television Festival.	He is also the star of China Charities Aid Foundation for Children. Very loving!
[3] Ha ha, I'd like to recommend his song Rain to you. The melody of this song is very good. The melody is also very delicate. You'll be moved after listening to it.	[3] Do you want to listen to It's Enough? The chorus is very sweet, and a little cute.
Yes, a lot of people like it.	Yeah.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it now?
It's playing.	It's playing.
Ok, good night.	Mm-hmm. Good night.
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon.
I've made progress in my study recently, so I'm happy.	Pretty good. I'm very happy.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Qizhen Jin.
Yes, you are so smart.	Yes, that's right.
I'm 55 years old.	I'm in my fifties.
Yes. I like watching movies and adoring stars.	Yes, I like watching news, and listening to music or something like that.
Bye!	See ya!
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon.
On the way home.	I'm busy with work in the company. There's a lot of work to be done.
I like the movie Farewell My Concubine best.	Farewell My Concubine.
It's Bingbing Fan.	There's no need to ask. It must be Leslie Cheung.
Yeah, he's a superstar.	Yes, I like him because of he was talented.
Yes, I really like listening to his songs.	Yes, he is my idol forever!
I've seen this movie. Any other recommendations?	I've seen it many times. I don't want to see it again.
Who is the director?	Who directed it?
OK, I'll see it when I'm free.	Wow, it's uncommon for him to direct and act in a film. I must take time to see it. Thanks for your recommending!
Bye!	Well, I almost forgot it if you don't remind me. I'm going for dinner. Bye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	It's May 6, 2018.
[2] Hee hee, today is also the birthday of the star Cecilia Cheung.	[2] You know what? Today is Na Xie's birthday.
Yes, she has also won the Excellent Host Award of China TV Golden Eagle Award.	Ha ha, speaking of Na Xie, she has won the Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host. Besides, she is also good at acting.
[3] Na Xie's acting skills are also very good. I recommend you to see her movie Na Xie: A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream, which is very good.	[3] Here's a movie starred by her. Are you interested?
It's a comedy.	It's called Happy Running. It's a great animation, played by Happy Family with heart and soul.
The director is Wanting Zhang.	The director is Lijun Sun!
It won't let you down.	Hope you enjoy it!
Bye!	Bye!
It's Jay Chou.	It's Jay Chou.
[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Jay Chou, he's one of the 25 most influential people in Asia by CNN.	[2] He has won the IFPI HK Top 10 Sales Mandarin Album for seven consecutive years.
Yes, he has also won the 15th Huading Award for Best Singer in the world.	He is the super singer of a generation, throughout their whole youth.
[3] Yes, his music is very good. You can listen to the song All the Things You Never Knew. It shows us the determination of love in the form of songs.	[3] I recommend you listen to Snake Dance by him. It's very catchy. The whole song combines Egyptian and Middle Eastern folk music with hip-hop. Jay created a unique and charming hip-hop duet song.
Yeah, you can listen to it.	Yes, many of his songs get popular many years later.
[4] Do you want to play Snake Dance for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	It's playing.
OK, see ya!	See ya!
Hi.	Hello!
It's good. I've been promoted.	Not so good. Life is boring
I like A Simple Life best.	I like A Simple Life best.
I like Bingbing Fan best.	Of course it's Andy Lau.
Yeah, he's a Chinese Kung Fu superstar.	Yeah, that's why I like him. He's the Chinese version of Nicholas Cage.
Yeah, he's really excellent.	Well, he has won the Hong Kong Film Awards for Best Actor three times.
I've seen it.	I've seen it before.
Sounds good. I'll see it when I have time.	What kind of movie is it?
Sounds good. I'll see it when I have time.	It must be great! I'll see it sometime.
[6] OK, I'm going to have a rest. Talk later.	[6] Yeah. I'm going to eat. Talk to you next time.
Good evening.	Good evening.
I've been promoted recently. I'm very happy.	Very good. I've just got paid.
Lonely Shadow.	I like the song When Wind Blows Again best.
Of course, he's my idol.	Yes, I like him very much. He was as spotless as a new star.
Yes, he's an excellent singer.	I'm really proud of him getting famous abroad.
I've heard this song. Any other recommendations?	I've heard it.
Is it a good song?	I haven't listened to it for a long time. I almost forgot it.
I'll listen to it.	Sounds good! I'll listen to it in a minute.
Sure.	Sure, please.
It's really good. I like it very much.	It's the same feeling as I felt. Great!
Bye!	See ya!
The weather today will turn from light rain to cloudy with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 15℃ and the minimum temperature will be 9℃.	There's light rain with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 27℃ and the minimum temperature will be 19℃.
[2] Ha ha, it's OK. This kind of warm weather is suitable for eating Poached Spicy Slices of Pork.	[2] Hehe, it's suitable for you to eat Sweet and Sour Spare Ribs in such weather.
Well, it's a very popular hot dish.	Mm-hmm, I know you better.
Hehe, it's my pleasure.	I'll be here for you as long as you need me.
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
Yes. He's a Virgo.	Of course. It's Virgo.
[2] Leslie Cheung is a superstar in Hong Kong.	[2] I also know that he won the 30th Golden Horse Award for Best Film Song. Besides, he was one of the 100 outstanding actors in Chinese filmdom in the past century.
Yes, he was also the record holder of sales volume of Chinese records in South Korea.	Yes, and he has perfect acting skills. The movie Farewell My Concubine he starred in won the Golden Palm Award.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Rain to you. It's a dance music in the style of flamenco and hip hop.	[3] Speaking of songs, have you ever listened to A Chinese Ghost Story by him? This song was composed by James J.S.Wong. It's in classical style. Feels like the stream in the woods gurgling, and the piano and flute playing upstairs. Leslie's singing was just fit for it. It gave an artistic conception with catchy melody and lyrics.
Then you can listen to it.	Some netizens commented that after hearing it, they thought of Whitney and Jackson, who were also lonely souls.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Shall I play it for you now?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	Playing for you, please enjoy.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Xiaoming Huang.	Yes. It's Xiaoming Huang.
[2] I also know that he is one of the Ten Outstanding Young Persons of Shandong Province.	[2] Thanks. By the way, Xiaoming Huang was awarded as the most popular actor in the 17th Beijing Student Television Festival. Do you like him?
Yes, he has also won the 15th Huading Award for Best Actor in Idol Dramas.	Do you like watching the movies starred by him? He is very good at acting. He has won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Supporting Actor. He starred in many classic movies.
[3] I recommend you to see his movie, The Rest. The film is very good. I recommend it to you.	[3] The movie American Dreams in China starred by him is great, which expresses the American dream of people in the post-70s and 80s.
It's a comedy.	Yes, it's a feature movie.
You'll like it.	Hope you enjoy it! Come to me anytime when you wanna watch movies.
Bye!	I won't disturb you, bye!
Of course. It's April 28th.	Yes, she was born on April 16, 1976.
[2] I also know that Hsu Chi has won the Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress.	[2] Thanks. By the way, she is known as an enigmatic woman.
She has won the Best Actress of Houston International Film Festival, the Best Actress of Beijing College Student Film Festival, and the Best Actress of Golden Bauhinia Awards.	Yeah, I know a little about it. She has won the Huabiao Film Awards for Excellent Actress and Golden Bauhinia Award for Best Supporting Actress. Besides, she was a member of the jury at Cannes International Film Festival.
[3] Of course, I also know that she has won the Best Actress of the Hong Kong Film Awards. Do you want to know about it?	[3] Well, she's an excellent actress. I recommend you go to see the movie City of Glass starred by her. She performed perfectly in it. It'll evoke the nostalgic feelings.
It's good.	Good reputation.
OK, you'll like it.	[4] OK, I'll leave you alone, goodbye.
OK.	Well, good.
He's a Taurus.	Yes, it's Taurus.
[2] Jiong He is a popular host in China and has won the 25th China TV Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.	[2] I also know that he has won the Best Host from Hunan Satellite TV, and the 15th Anniversary Award on New Weekly's China TV Chart in 2013.
Yes, he is very popular. Many people like him.	He is also the star of China Charities Aid Foundation for Children, as a senior star in the entertainment circle with excellent acting skills.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Another Self. Jiong He's voice is very charming.	[3] Have you listened to Another Self by him? At 41 years old, he challenged "his another self" to realize the dream of directing, and put it into the song. It conveys the message that it's never late to realize one's dream.
You can listen to it.	He sings it very well. It's warm, catchy and amazingly soothing.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Shall I play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	Playing for you, please enjoy.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Yes, it's Taurus.	Yes, it's Taurus.
[2] Speaking of Leehom Wang, he is a superstar in Canada.	[2] Ha ha, I also know that he is a competent idol. He has won the 15th Global Chinese Music Awards for Best Male Singer in Hong Kong and Taiwan Region.
He's also the first Chinese singer to be famous in the Korean music world.	He has also won the MTV Asia Awards for Favourite Artist from Taiwan.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Gardenia to you. The whole song combines the eastern and western elements and makes innovations, so as to better combine rap music with Chinese traditional culture.	[3] Mm-hmm, have you ever listened to Hand in Hand by him? Coco was recording a new album in the United States then, so she sang two shifted sounds in it, which became the essence of this song.
You can listen to it. It's very nice.	It's very catchy.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Shall I play it for you now?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	OK, it's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
OK, see ya!	See ya! Have a good day.
Sure, there you go At Least I've Got You.	There you go.
[2] I'd like to recommend another song of Leehom Wang. It's called All the Things You Never Knew, which is a love song. You can try it.	[2] Actually, Leslie Cheung sang many good songs, such as A Man Of Intention. It's one of his representive songs. You can listen to it.
Yes, his A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream is also very good. It's a good song.	Yes. How about Run Toward the Future? It's also catchy and it's the theme song of the movie Gangland Boss II.
Yeah.	Yeah, so is the song.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Shall I play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	There you go.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	OK, see you later!
Today is January 18, 2018.	It's November 14th.
[2] Today is also Kris Wu's birthday.	[2] The weather today is also good. It will turn from sunny to cloudy with south wind. The highest temperature will be 14℃, and the lowest temperature is 7℃. The temperature varies a lot. Please keep warm!
Me too.	My pleasure.
OK, goodbye!	OK, bye.
Yes. It's on September 16th.	Yes, it's on May 24th.
[2] You're welcome. Cecilia Cheung is an excellent actress. She has won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress.	[2] You're welcome. Why do you ask? Do you like her? She is an actress who devoted herself to art.
Yes, she is also the Most Anticipated Actress of the Chinese Film Media Award.	Well, she was awarded as the Outstanding Artist from Asia at the Chinese Film Festival in New York. She's very excellent!
[3] I recommend you to see her movie, The Bare-Footed Kid. It's a movie that you will never get tired of.	[3] Would you like to see the movie Second Time Around starred by her? I'm impressed by the Treasure Box of Moonlight.
[4] Then you can see his Hot Summer Days, which is a typical Hong Kong style movie.	[4] Well, the movie Hot Summer Days starred by him is very good. The cold economic market is in sharp contrast with the hot weather in the movie.
Besides Nicholas Tse, there are Takeshi Kaneshiro, Takeshi Tanabe and others.	Jacky Cheung and Rene Liu.
I believe it won't let you down.	I'm sure you'll like it.
OK, have a good dream.	OK,goodbye.
Today is May 6, 2018.	It's December 21, 2018.
[2] Well, today is also Xiaoming Huang's birthday.	[2] Yeah. I remind you that it's overcast today before it turns to light rain with northwest wind. The maximum temperature will be 12℃, and the minimum temperature will be 7℃. Please keep warm!
My pleasure.	My pleasure.
Bye!	Bye!
It's Leehom Wang.	Leehom Wang.
[2] Leehom Wang is the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart.	[2] Do you like him? He's a superstar.
You have a good taste. He has won the Golden Melody Awards for Best Mandarin Male Singer twice.	He has won the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart.
[3] Do you want to listen to his song Floral Sea? It's a warm and romantic song. Leehom Wang wrote the melody of this song with island style. It sounds very nice.	[3] A Simple Song is recommended to you. The song is about his attitude towards life. The world is very complicated, which may make people helpless. However, we should try our best to grasp happiness. There's no need to show our love too deliberately, we only need to express it in a simple way.
Then you should listen to it.	It won't let you down.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Shall I play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	As long as you like it.
Ok, good night.	Goodbye.
It's Xiaoming Huang.	Ruby Lin.
[2] You're welcome. Ruby Lin is a talented actress with good acting skills. Many people like her.	[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Ruby Lin, she is not only a popular movie star, but also a nice person.
Yes, she has also won Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress. She's very popular and has won the Most Popular Actress of Chinese Film Media Award.	Yes, she looks very cute. And she has great acting skills. She has won the Golden Bell Awards for Best Television Series.
[3] Then I'd like to recommend a movie named Ruby Lin starred in to you. This is a very romantic and romantic movie. You can see it.	[3] Here's a movie for you called The Devotion Of Suspect X. It's not like the Chinese version of Midnight Diner in which the scenes are not in Chinese style. Generally speaking, it's a good movie.
Not bad.	Not bad.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
It's 8 p.m.	It is 12 o'clock at noon.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, it's cloudy with northeast winds today. The high will be 16 ℃ and the low 8 ℃. Keep warm.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, it's cloudy with northwest wind today. The highest temperature will be 8℃, and the lowest temperature will be -4℃. Please keep warm!
My pleasure.	My pleasure.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is October 15, 2018.	It's November 13, 2018.
[2] You know what? Today is also Xiaoming Huang's birthday.	[2] Thanks! By the way, today is the birthday of Xiaoming Huang, who is among the Top Ten Outstanding Youth in Shandong Province.
He is also one of the Top Five Outstanding Youth in Shandong Province.	Ha ha, seems that you are a big fan of his. He has won the 15th Huabiao Film Awards for Excellent Actor.
[3] Well, his acting skills are really excellent. I recommend you to see his Deserve. It's very good.	[3] As a fan, you must like watching his movies, don't you? Then don't miss Les Saisons. In this film, you can not only see the parently love among animals, but also see countless unexpected wonders.
[4] OK, then I recommend you to see The Bullet Vanishes starred by Mi Yang, which is a typical Mi Yang's style movie. The story is quite novel, and the acting is very good. I recommend it to you.	[4] I just remembered that she starred in a good movie called The Bullet Vanishes. The story, reasoning and plot are all good. You must want to see it.
It's a short film. It's not bad.	It's a movie with action, drama and suspense.
You're going to love it.	Good! I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	All right. Bye.
Hello, I've been promoted recently. I'm so happy.	Not very good.
I didn't do well in the exam.	I've degressed a lot in my study. I feel terrible.
I like the song named Glass-like Love.	Glamour Forever.
Yes, I like him very much.	I didn't expect you to know him so well. He was nominated for Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor for eight times. It's impressive!
He was also one of the Top Ten Outstanding Young People in Hong Kong.	And he was also attractive.
I've heard this song. Any other recommendations?	I don't like this kind of song.
It's a very affectionate song. I don't want to hear it for the moment.	The name sounds good, haha!
I haven't listened to this song. Is it good?	Wow, I wanna listen to it.
Sure.	Yes.
It's really good. I like it very much.	Good, it's my type.
OK, see ya!	See ya!
It's A type.	Yes, it's type-A blood.
[2] Thank you. Speaking of Cecilia Cheung, she is one of the most beautiful women in the entertainment industry.	[2] Well, she is a star with mixed blood in the entertainment circle. I pay close attention to her.
She is an international superstar with a lot of fans.	She's real, which is not common in the entertainment circle. And she is very popular.
[3] Well, she is very beautiful and good at acting. I recommend you to see her movie The Crescent.	[3] Yeah. Do you want to see Failan? She's very pure in it.
[4] Nicholas Tse is a very excellent director. I recommend you to see his movie, Nicholas Tse: A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream.	[4] All right. How about Metade Fumaca starred by him? It's an illusory realism about the psychological reflection of Contemporary Hong Kong society.
It's a love comedy.	It's a romantic movie.
It won't let you down.	You're gonna love it.
Bye!	OK, bye!
Of course, it's Xiaoming Huang.	It's Mi Yang.
[2] You're welcome. Mi Yang is a popular actress and has won the Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress.	[2] She has won the Best Actress of Houston International Film Festival. She's an excellent actress.
Yes. She also won the Best Actress of Houston International Film Festival.	She has also won the Chinese Film Media Award for Most Anticipated Actress. It can be seen how popular she is.
[3] Do you want to see her movie named Unforgetable? It's a love story with black humor and beautiful music. It's really good.	[3] The movies by her are worth watching, like A Fairy Tale in Beijing. Would you like to give it a try? It's simple but touching with a kind and peaceful keynote.
It's good.	It's good.
You're going to love it.	I'm sure you won't regret it.
OK, see ya!	OK,goodbye.
Good afternoon.	Good afternoon.
I'm so happy recently. I've made progress in my study.	Bot bad. The study is easy for me.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Qifeng Zeng.
I'm a boy.	I'm a girl.
I'm six years old.	I'm 18.
I like stars, watching movies and listening to music.	Watching movies and news.
[6] OK, I'm going to eat, goodbye.	[6] I'm going for dinner. Talk later!
Bye!	Okay.
It will turn from cloudy to sunny today with south winds. The high will be 19 ℃ and low 8 ℃.	The weather is not bad lately. It is sunny today. The highest temperature will be 21℃, and the lowest temperature will be 10℃.
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for eating Spicy Hot Pot (Little Water).	[2] You're welcome. In such weather, we should have a barbecue. How about Lamb Kebab?
Then you can try it today.	Many people like it very much.
[3] Then I recommend that you order Lamb Kebab at Country Love Dumpling Restaurant. This hot dish can warm your stomach.	Go get it!
Bye!	Bye!
Hello	Hello
It's easy to study recently.	Not good. I've degressed.
I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music now.
OK, I like him very much.	Good! I like him. He's a popular host in China.
Yeah, he's great.	He is also the star of China Charities Aid Foundation for Children. Very loving!
I've seen it.	I'm not interested in this film.
How's the review?	What kind of style it is?
I'll see it sometime.	Sounds good! I'll see it sometime.
See ya!	See ya!
It will turn from sunny to cloudy with northeast wind in Tianjin today. The highest temperature will be 16℃, and the lowest temperature will be 5℃.	There's light rain with northeast wind in Dongguan today. The maximum temperature will be 15℃, and the minimum temperature will be 10℃. Don't forget to take an umbrella when you go out!
[2] Hehe, it's suitable to eat Stir-Fried Venerupis in such weather.	[2] You're welcome. It's a good day for Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers.
Of course, this hot dish can warm your stomach.	Of course. imagine sprinkling chopped peppers on the fish head, delicious!
Then you can try it.	Go have it. It's very delicious.
OK, see ya!	I won't disturb you then, bye!
OK, playing Bosom Friend for you.	Yes. It's playing for you.
[2] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[2] His another song All the Things You Never Knew is also good. It's full of strong classical flavor. The lyrics and melody are profound and sincere. And each note can hit the heart.
How about Hope for Love? It's also very nice. It's Leehom Wang's song. It's a warm and healing song.	All right. How about Need Some Company? It's a song that emphasizes the inner world of people. Leehom Wang expresses the loneliness of urbanites through it.
Yes. It's very nice.	Yes, it's one of his representative songs. It's very catchy!
[3] May I play it for you now?	[3] Shall I play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	It's playing.
OK, see ya!	Okay, goodbye.
It's Leslie Cheung.	It's Leslie Cheung.
[2] You're welcome. Leslie Cheung is one of the 25 greatest actors in Asia on CNN.	[2] You're welcome. Let's talk about Leslie Cheung, who was known as a superstar.
Yes, he was the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards, the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards and the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	OK. He won the Golden Horse Award for Best Actor and the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.
[3] I'd like to recommend a song of Leslie Cheung. It's a very affectionate song.	[3] Yes. Here's a movie for you. It's called Left Right Love Destiny. It's a great movie.
The director is Leslie Cheung.	It was directed by himself.
It won't let you down.	Well, it won't let you down.
Bye!	All right. Bye!
His birthday is August 26.	His birthday is August 26, 1974.
[2] Thank you for your praise. Bo Huang is a very talented actor. Do you like him?	[2] Do you like Bo Huang? He's a talented actor.
You really have a good taste. He's also one of the Top Ten Outstanding Young Persons in Shandong Province.	Yes, he has won such awards as the Golden Phoenix Award of China Film Performance Art Institute, which is enough to prove his acting ability.
[3] Yes. I'd like to recommend a good movie Bo Huang starred in. It's called  The Sun Washed by Spring Rain.	[3] I recommend you Crazy Racer starred by him. It's a wonderful movie. Would you like to see it?
Besides Bo Huang, there are Yitong Jin, Shaohong Li and Tongwen Xi.	The stars are Bo Huang, Kong-wei Lv, Cheung Yung and Jack Kao.
It won't let you down.	It will bring you a wonderful visual experience.
OK, see ya!	See ya!
It's April 28, 1980.	Cecilia Cheung's birthday is on May 24.
[2] You're welcome. Cecilia Cheung is a beautiful star.	[2] Cecilia Cheung is born to be a star in the entertainment industry. She's a real beauty. You like her, right?
She is also the Most Popular Actress of the Chinese Film Media Award.	Of course her acting is good! She won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress.
[3] Since you like her so much, I'd like to recommend a movie named Cecilia Cheung, which is starred by her. It's very good.	[3] Hey, hey, there are 10000 ways to pick up girls. Would you like to have a look at Everyday is Valentine starred by Cecilia Cheung?
The director is Rengang Li.	The director is Jing Wong.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I'm sure it won't let you down.
OK, I won't bother you, goodbye.	OK, goodbye!
Good evening.	Hello, my friend.
On my way home.	Nothing to do, just me at home, grandson is out, I feel a little loneliness.
I like the movie named Nana's Rose war best.	My favorite is Nana's Rose war.
I like Bo Huang best.	My favorite is Na Xie! She's a very hard-working person.
Yes, she's excellent!	How wonderful she is! I like her even better when you say that!
Yes, I will always support her!	Yes, she changed her role when she got married. I believe she will do well!
I've seen it. I don't want to see it now.	I've seen this.
What's the score?	What kind of film is it?
I'll see it when I have time.	Sounds good. I'll see when I have time.
Bye!	OK, goodbye!
Good evening. I'm not in a good mood today.	Yes, good evening.
I'm so happy today. I got a bonus.	Pretty good. I also got a bonus.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	Not really for movie at the moment
I like her very much.	Kind of, she works so hard.
Yeah, she's really great.	Yeah, I hope she gets better and better.
I've heard it.	Sorry, I'm not interested in this song.
Sounds good.	I think it's quite artistic, not bad.
OK, I'll listen to it.	I will listen to it.
Yes, please.	Sure.
That sounds good. I like it very much.	[6] That's very nice. You're great, but I have something else to do. Talk later, goodbye.
Bye!	Bye!
Very good.	Study is very good, I did well in the exam, very happy.
Yeah, I will.	Don't worry, I will continue to work hard!
My name is Lingwen Niu	My name is Xiaoqian Hu.
I'm a girl.	I'm a little girl.
I'm eight years old.	I'm six years old.
I like small animals, watching animation and listening to children's songs.	Usually I like to play with small animals, and watch animation.
[6] Hey hey. I'm getting home, bye!	[6] Hey, hey. I'm going to study, goodbye.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 21 ℃, and low 12 ℃.	Hello, Xingtai today is cloudy to sunny with northern wind, maximum temperature is 14℃, minimum temperature is 2℃, keep warm.
[2] Thank you for your praise. In this weather, it's very suitable to eat Mapo Tofu.	[2] Ha ha, I also know that this weather is suitable for eating spicy crawfish.
It's a hot dish, you can try it.	Do you like crawfish in  garlic flavor or other flavors?
Then you can try it.	[3] If you want to eat, you can go to Laoyoudao Roasted Fish&Spicy Hot Pot. Its crawfish is very delicious!
The average spending here is 40RMB per person.	It's very cheap, only 21 yuan per person. It's located in the east of the middle section of new Tangyao street in Longyao (opposite the carnival). The rating is 5, quite high.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you!	OK, I'll make a reservation for you now. Have a nice meal in advance!
Ok, good night.	Good night!
Today's weather is cloudy with northeast wind, maximum temperature is 20℃, minimum temperature is 10℃.	Okay, in Fuzhou there is light rain today with northeast wind, highest temperature is 21℃, lowest temperature is 19℃.
[2] It's a perfect day to eat Sautéed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce.	[2] You're welcome. Such weather is suitable for listening to Leehom Wang's You're Not Here! This song interprets the loneliness and powerlessness of love between men and women, and it's very sensational, super nice.
Well, it's a song worth listening to!	Yeah! This song is great. You can't miss it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] The shortest answer is doing. Can I play this song for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	It's playing for you, please enjoy.
Goodbye!	OK, goodbye!
OK, playing now.	Drunk in Love is playing for you.
[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend another song Self Directed Act, which is the theme song of the TV series Don't Love Me.	[2] You're welcome. Would you like to hear another song? Wolf Legend is very good. It's a must-have song for many people when they go to KTV.
Then you must listen to the song Wish You Could Decide. It's a song full of hope.	What about I Can't Forget You? It's also very good. It's one of songs of Jacky Cheung's 1996 album I Can't Forget You.
Yes, it does.	It sounds nice. You'll like it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] May I play it for you now?
OK, I Can't Forget You is playing for you.	I Can't Forget You is playing.
You're welcome. I'm glad you like it.	You're welcome. I'll leave you alone.
Today is May 17, 2018.	OK, today is May 24, 2018, the end of the month.
[2] Today is Cecilia Cheung's birthday.	[2] Hehe, today is Cecilia Cheung's birthday. What a coincidence.
Ha ha, you have a good taste. Cecilia Cheung is an Asian goddess with high popularity. You have a good taste.	I'm really right to remind you. She's really excellent and has won the Gold Award for the Most Promising New Singer of RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards!
[3] I'd like to recommend you a song She's Gone Far Away, which is a romantic love story in the style of R & B style.	[3] In this case, I'd like to recommend Fly Me to Polaris starred by her. It's a good movie!
It's an animated comedy.	It's a love comedy.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Well, I'm sure you'll like it.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
It's Leehom Wang.	The lead singer of this song is Leehom Wang.
[2] You're welcome. He is a famous singer in Hong Kong.	[2] He's also a Favorite Male Singer in Canada.
He is also selected as one of the 25 Most Influential People in Asia by CNN.	You have a good taste. He also won the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song The Sun Washed by Spring Rain to you. This song has a good melody and a very strong sense of rhythm.	[3] Would you like to enjoy his song Beautiful? This song was originally a light and witty soundtrack in the movie, but it has become such a work with high international recognition with the rearrangement of Leehom Wang.
You will like it.	You should listen to it. It's very nice.
[4] May I play it for you now?	[4] May I play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	OK, go ahead, goodbye.
Stranger In The North is playing for you.	Stranger In The North is playing for you.
[2] You're welcome. In fact, I'd like to recommend Jay Chou's Bridge of Faith to you. It's a good song. It describes the parting mood of men and women for love.	[2] Yes, I also recommend you Leehom Wang's All the Things You Never Knew. This song is very classical. With profound and sincere lyrics and music, each note heavily hits your heart. If you haven't heard it, you can listen to it.
Well, what about the song All the Things You Never Knew? It's a great song, and it's worth listening to.	Well, I'd like to recommend a nice song Need Some Company. This is a song that emphasizes the inner world. Leehom Wang expresses the lonely inner voice of urban people.
Yes, it's a very nice song.	Yes, this song is also sung by Leehom Wang.
[3] Do you want me to play this song for you now?	[3] Do you need to play the song Need Some Company for you now?
Need Some Company is playing for you.	Need Some Company is playing for you.
All right. Bye!	OK, I wish you a good mood for a new dat. Bye.
Good afternoon!	No, I'm too tired to take care of my grandson recently.
Sure.	OK.
I like the movie The Viral Factor best.	My favorite is The Viral Factor.
I like Jackie Chan best.	I like Nicholas Tse best.
Yes, he is a real actor.	I don't know that. The young man is very good.
Yes, he is my idol forever.	Ha ha, yes. I heard that he's also a filial son, and he balances his family and career very well.
I've seen it.	I've seen this. It's really good.
What kind of style it is?	Who is the star of it?
Then I have to watch it.	That sounds good.
[6] I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you next time.	[6] Talk later, I'm going to be busy.
It's Nicholas Tse.	The star of Second Time Around is Cecilia Cheung.
[2] Cecilia Cheung is a superstar in Hong Kong. Do you like her?	[2] Thank you for your praise. Cecilia Cheung is quite inspirational. She is a self-made star.
Yes, she has won the Best Actress Award of Hong Kong Film Awards. She is also the Most Popular Actress of Chinese Film Media Award.	That's why she has achieved her present success. She has won the 23th Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress, the 19th Hong Kong Film Award for Best New Actor and the Best Actress of the Hong Kong Film Critics Society.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend her movie, The Bare-Footed Kid, which is a classic Hong Kong movie.	[3] Yes, otherwise she would not have achieved so much. I'd like to recommend her movie, Fly Me to Polaris, which can also be said to be the best movie in the resurgence of love movies around 1999.
It's a love movie.	It's a love comedy.
I'm sure you'll like it.	[4] OK, remember to see when you have time. I wish you a happy life. I'll leave you alone, goodbye.
OK, see ya!	Well, good.
It's mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 16 ℃ and low 4 ℃.	It's light rain with northern wind in Changsha today. The maximum temperature is 14 degrees and the minimum temperature is 9 degrees.
[2] It's a perfect day to eat Marinated Fish.	[2] Such weather is perfect for eating Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil.
That's great. The taste of grilled grouper is delicious.	With a bowl of rice, it's really delicious.
[3] If you want to eat, I recommend you to go to King Chef Sichuan Cuisine. It's their speciality.	[3] If you want to eat sliced fish in hot chili oil, it is recommended to go to Shangwei Hunan Cuisine Restaurant, which is a good restaurant and can be booked in advanced.
It's 35 yuan per person.	It's about 40 per person.
The score is 4.5.	The score is 4.1.
It's on the fourth floor of Zhubang City Square, Qingnian Road, Kuancheng District.	It's at No.28 Chiling Road, Tianxin District, opposite to China Mobile building (near Changsha University of Science & Technology)
OK, I've made a reservation for you.	I've made a reservation for you.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
I'm very good recently. I did well in the exam.	Hello, I just received the bonus, very happy.
Haha, thank you.	Ha ha, thank you!
Yes. My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Xinjia Hu.
I'm a girl.	I'm a lovely girl!
I'm just 20.	18 years old.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	I prefer to listen to music.
[6] Yes, I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you next time.	[6] I have something else to do. Let's talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
OK, I'm playing Miss You for you.	OK, it's playing for you.
[2] Hee hee. By the way, Kris Wu's another song One Dream (Live) is also very good. It's a lyric song with a story. It tells a piano performance of a boy and a girl. You can listen to it.	[2] My pleasure. Let me recommend you another Kris Wu's  song Heaven & Earth. The style of the song is grand and magnificent. It is a thousand year sigh from the river carrying the long history of China.
Well, what about his another song Self Directed Act? It's a song about memories. You can try it.	Yes, you can try to listen to the song A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream, which is the theme song of mobile game JX Online World.
Yes, it's a very good song.	Not bad. You can listen to it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] OK, do you want me to play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	Ok. It's playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
All right. Bye!	Bye!
I'm on my way to school.	Well, I did well in the exam, very happy. Hahaha.
Of course.	Yes, yes.
My name is Xuanhang Wang.	My name is Pinglu Liu.
You are so sweet. Thank you.	I'm a lovely girl.
I'm five years old.	Less than eighteen years old.
I usually like to listen to music and watch movies.	I like following news of celebrities, movies and music.
[6] Ha ha, I'm going to bed, goodbye.	[6] Ha ha, let's talk later, I'm going to wash.
Ok, goodbye.	Ok. Bye.
Hello, I'm in a good mood today.	Well, I didn't do well in the exam.
I will.	I haven't studied hard recently, so I didn't do well in the exam.
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	Well, my name is Liguo Jin.
Yes, I am.	Yes.
I'm 16 years old.	I'm 17 years old.
I like stars, watching movies and news.	I like to listen to music and pay attention to the stars.
[6] Well, I'm going to have class. Talk to you later.	[6] Yeah, it's time for me to review. Let's talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
It's 6 p.m.	Hello, it's 6:00p.m.
[2] Hehe, today's mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 19 ℃, and low 9 ℃.	[2] Hei hei, please be aware that it's cloudy and windy today. The maximum temperature is 20 ℃ and the minimum temperature is 11 ℃.
I will always be your sweetest baby.	Hey, hey, thank you.
All right. Bye!	OK, I'll leave you alone, goodbye.
It's 10 p.m.	It's 8:00 p.m.
[2] Hehe, by the way, today is sunny with southwest winds. The high will be 2 ℃ and low - 6 ℃.	[2] Hey hey. By the way, it is cloudy in Shanghai today with north wind, the highest temperature is 21℃, the lowest temperature is 14℃.
Yes, it's a good day to have Lamb Kebab.	Yes, remember to drink more water.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Hello, it's 8:00 a.m. on October 4, 2018.	Now it's October 5, 2018. Friday, 10:00 p.m.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, it's cloudy today with northeast wind. The maximum temperature is 20 ℃ and the minimum temperature is 15 ℃. It's a bit cold.	[2] Don't mention it. By the way, Anshan is sunny to cloudy today with southern wind. The maximum temperature is 24 ℃ and the minimum temperature is 11 ℃. The temperature difference is big. Be careful of catching cold.
I'll always be your sweetie.	It's my duty.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
Good afternoon!	Not very good.
Recently, my study has regressed. I have to work harder.	I didn't do well in recent exams.
It must be the movie named And I Hate You So.	My favorite movie is And I Hate You So.
I like Bo Huang best.	Aaron Kwok, of course.
Yeah, I've always liked him.	Yeah, a talented actor.
He's my idol forever.	Most people like him, ha ha.
I've seen it.	I've seen it.
What kind of movie is it?	Who's the lead actor?
Wow, they're all excellent actors. I'll see it when I have time.	Wow, it sounds good. I'll see it.
[6] OK, I'm going to bed. Talk to you later.	[6] I'm home. Let's talk later. Goodbye.
Bye!	Bye!
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, that's for you.
[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend another song Heartburn by Jiong He. It's very good.	[2] My pleasure. The song Be Born With Grief sung by Jacky Cheung is also very good. With good lyrics and good melody, it's very infectious. You can listen to it.
What about All the Things You Never Knew? This song is full of strong classical flavor. It's a classic song in Hong Kong music circles.	Well, Still Think You're the Best can't be missed. This song has also won the RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards.
Yes, it's a very popular song.	Believe me, this is one of the masterpieces of Jacky Cheung's Cantonese songs. You will definitely fall in love with it.
[3] Can I play it for you now?	[3] Do you need me to play this song for you?
Still Think You're the Best is playing.	OK, Still Think You're the Best is playing for you.
You are welcome.	You are welcome.
OK, bye!	OK, bye!
Hello, I've fallen behind in my studies recently.	Hello, I'm in a good mood recently. I just got paid.
Thank you.	Thank you.
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	My name is Fangyang Wang.
I'm a woman.	I'm a lady.
I'm 51 this year.	I'm 36 years old.
I like listening to music and watching news.	I like Na Xie, the news about Na Xie and the movies.
Ha ha, because I like Na Xie so much,	Haha, because I like Na Xie so much.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.
Yes, Xun Zhou's movies are all classics.	Yes, there have been many recently, such as The Equation of Love & Death.
[2] You're welcome. Do you like Xun Zhou? She is a very intelligent actress.	[2] Speaking of Xun Zhou, she won the Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress and China Film Director's Guild Award for Best Actress.
Yes, she is also the Most Popular Actress of the Chinese Film Media Award.	Yes, her films are well received and excellent.
[3] I'd like to recommend you a movie named Perhaps Love starred by her. It's very good.	[3] Have you seen her Perhaps Love? This is a love story mixed with nostalgia and sentimentality. The director narrates the story with ups and downs in a relatively complete structure. I recommend it to you.
Yes, Xun Zhou is also the Best Actress of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	Of course, it's Xun Zhou
The director is Wanting Zhang.	It's Peter Chan.
OK, I hope you like it.	Ha ha, you will love it.
OK, see ya!	Okay, bye.
OK, playing now.	OK, it's playing for you. Please enjoy it
[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend you another song You're Not Here. It's also the theme song of the public benefit activity I Want to Go To School.	[2] You're welcome. The song has finished. Do you want to listen to his A Man Of Intention? It's also Leslie Cheung's most feminine-style song.
Well, how about his A Man Of Intention? It's also Leslie Cheung's most classic song.	OK, and Run Toward the Future is also very good. It's the theme song of the movie A Better Tomorrow II.
Yes, it does. It's very popular.	It's so popular.
[3] May I play it for you now?	[3] OK, do you want to play it now?
OK, it's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	OK, playing now.
OK, see ya!	Ok, good night.
It's Leehom Wang.	The lead singer of this song is Leehom Wang!
[2] Do you like Leehom Wang? He is the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart.	[2] Leehom Wang is a Taurus born on May 17, 1976!
You really have a good taste. Leehom Wang won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Supporting Actor.	His songs are great! He is the Best Male Singer in Hong Kong and Taiwan region of 15th Global Chinese Music Awards! Do you like his music?
[3] I recommend you to listen to his You're Not Here, a song that tells us that there's no such thing as good and that there's no such thing as right.	[3] I recommend you Leehom Wang's Sun & Moon of My Heart is one of the best songs in Chinese music. The smooth and beautiful style of the song seems to take the audience across the fairyland of the world. Chinese music, such as flute, six string piano, dulcimer, drum and blonde hair, are used as the creation method of Chinese pentatonic scale to compose the melody of western music. Very nice!
You'll like it.	Glad you like it!
[4] Do you want to play Sun & Moon of My Heart for you now?	The melody of this song is very moving, many people like it, you really have a good taste!
[4] Do you want me to play this song for you?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you?
Now play Sun & Moon of My Heart.	Sun & Moon of My Heart is playing for you.
I'm glad you like it!	Yeah.
Good night.	Bye!
He was a Virgo.	He's a Virgo.
[2] You're welcome. Leslie Cheung was a great artist.	[2] Leslie Cheung is known as the king of Asia. He has won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress and is also the record holder of sales of Chinese records in South Korea.
Yeah, he was also the winner of Golden Horse Award for Best Original Film Song.	And his movie Farewell My Concubine won the Golden Palm, which is really amazing.
[3] I'd like to recommend you to see his movie Yesteryou Yesterme Yesterday II. It's really good. The theme is very novel and the narrative is smooth.	[3] I have a movie to reommend to you, Yesteryou Yesterme Yesterday II. It's a good story, but the rhythm is a bit slow, which seems to be like an art film.
It's a love movie.	It's a comedy.
It's good.	It's good.
[4] OK, see ya!	You're gonna love it.
Bye!	Bye!
Good afternoon!	Ha ha, how do you do!
I've been very busy recently.	Not bad, it's just a little bit stressful.
But I don't want to listen to music now.	Not really for music right now.
Yes, I like him very much.	You're so smart. You know that.
He's really excellent.	I didn't expect my idol to be so excellent!
I'm not interested in this movie.	I've watched this one. Any other recommendations?
Who is the director?	Who is the director of the film?
How do people say about it?	That's good. I'll see when I have time.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
It's 10 p.m.	Well, my master, it's 12:00 o'clock.
[2] Thank you for your praise. By the way, today's weather is overcast with no continuous wind direction. The highest temperature is 20℃, and the lowest temperature is 14℃.	[2] You're welcome. I'd like to remind you that today is still cloudy to overcast with northeast wind, maximum temperature is 6℃, minimum temperature is 0℃, keep warm!
I will always stand by you.	I'm glad to serve you!
All right. Bye!	Yeah, bye.
Hello, it's sunny today with northeast winds. The high will be -4 ℃ and low -19 ℃. Keep warm.	Hello, Shijiazhuang is sunny with northwest wind, maximum temperature is 2℃, minimum temperature is -6℃, the temperature is low, pay attention to keep out the cold when you go out.
[2] You're welcome. Such weather is suitable for listening to Orchid Pavillion. This song can't be missed. It's a love letter from Jay Chou.	[2] You're welcome. Such weather is suitable for eating sliced fish in hot chili oil.
Haha, such a delicious food can warm your stomach.	Of course I know. This hot dish is really delicious.
[3] OK, I recommend that you order the dish at Laoqi Sichuan Restaurant. It tastes great.	This delicious food will make you linger.
Bye!	Bye!
I'm on my way home.	In the company, doing nothing.
Yes. I'm busy all the time.	Well, my job is easier.
My favorite movie is Running On Karma.	It's Running On Karma.
Andy Lau, of course.	I like Cecilia Cheung very much. Her acting is very good.
Yes, she's excellent.	Well, her acting has been affirmed.
Yeah, she's really great.	It seems that my idol is really great.
I've seen it. I don't want to see it now.	I've seen it. I don't want to see it again.
How do people score this movie?	Who are the stars?
I'll see this movie.	Well, not bad.
[6] OK, I'm going to work. Talk to you later.	You can have a look.
[6] Well, I'm going to sleep. Talk to you next time.	[6] OK, I'm going to eat, talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
I'm fine. I just got paid today. I'm very happy.	Hello, my study is a little difficult recently. I can't understand it.
I see. Thank you.	Mm-hmm, I will try my best to study.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Xuanchao Ji.
I'm a boy.	I am a little man!
I'm six years old!	I'm 10 years old.
I like small animals, watching animation and listening to children's songs.	I like watching anime and playing with small animals.
[6] Hey hey. I'm getting home, bye!	[6] Hey, hey. I'm going to study, goodbye.
Bye!	Bye!
Of course, Cecilia Cheung's birthday is August 26.	Cecilia Cheung's birthday is on May 24.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, Cecilia Cheung has won the Best Actress of the Golden Sun Movie Award. Do you like her?	[2] You're welcome. Cecilia Cheung is also a "fashion Mom"
You have a good taste. She has won the Most Popular Actress of the Golden Eagle Award of Chinese TV, and the Best Actress of the Hong Kong Film Awards	She's also the best actress of Hong Kong Film Critics Society. She's very good at acting.
[3] I recommend you to see the movie "Crying Palms". Cecilia Cheung's performance in it is very wonderful.	[3] You have a good taste. The King of Comedy starred by Cecilia Cheung is absolutely a classic. Would you like to see it?
Besides Cecilia Cheung, there are Rengang Li, Pinglu Liu,  Cecilia Cheung Cheung,  Eason Chan,  Cecilia Cheung and so on.	The stars are Stephen Chow, Karen Mok and so on.
I'm sure you'll like it.	You're going to love it.
Bye!	Then I won't disturb you, bye!
Hong Kong, China.	It's Kowloon, Hong Kong.
[2] You're welcome. Leslie Cheung is one of the 100 Outstanding Actors of Chinese Film Century.	[2] Of course, he won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.
Ha ha, you have good taste. He also won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.	You are so discerning. This Asian superstar is thePrince Charming of countless girls.
[3] I'd like to recommend a movie starred by him to you. It's called Run Toward the Future. You can watch it.	[3] The song A Chinese Ghost Story is recommended to you. This song created by James Wong gives full play to the characteristics of classical style. The streams in the woods are murmuring, the piano and flute are playing repeatedly upstairs, and Leslie Cheung's singing is also appropriate. It can be said that it achieves the artistic conception of melodious melody and meaningful lyrics.
Yes, he will come back.	It's a song of the lonely soul. You must want to hear it.
[4] Can I play it for you now?	[4] Do you want to play it now?
OK, it's playing for you.	It's playing for you, please enjoy.
I'm glad you like it.	Your liking is my motivation.
Bye!	Good night. Bye.
I'm very good recently. I've made progress in my study.	I just got paid recently. I'm very happy.
Thank you!	Well, thank you.
My name is Pinglu Liu.	My name is Fangyang Liu.
I'm a girl.	I'm a lovely girl.
I'm 26 years old.	I'm 18 years old, still young. Ha ha.
I like watching movies and news.	I like watching movies and listening to songs. And my favorite food is Duck Blooding Chili Sauce, ha ha.
[6] Ha ha, it's OK. I'm going to school. Talk later.	[6] Well. I'm home. Talk later.
Today is May 17, 2018.	Today is November 6th, 2018
[2] Do you know today is Kris Wu's birthday?	[2] Today is also Kris Wu's birthday. He's the most popular star in Asia.
You have a good taste. Kris Wu is a national idol.	Hehe, he's also the outstanding youth of 15th anniversary of Sina Entertainment.
[3] Well, I recommend you to listen to his song Self Directed Act. Kris Wu sings very well. It's a good song.	[3] I recommend your idol's song Big Bowl Thick Noodles, a very good song. It contains many Chinese elements. The melody and lyrics integrate eastern and western music, and convey the fearlessness of the singer in rap.
Yes, it's very popular.	You're gonna love it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Can I play this song for you now?
OK, I'll play it for you right away.	OK, Big Bowl Thick Noodles is playing.
I'm glad you like it.	Glad you like it.
Bye!	Bye!
It's Leslie Cheung.	The star is Ruby Lin.
[2] You're welcome. Ruby Lin is a famous actress in China. Do you like her?	[2] I'm flattered. It's said that Ruby Lin is endowed with both beauty and talent in the entertainment industry.
Of course, she's also known as a "model worker" in the entertainment industry. She has won the Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress.	And her acting skills are very good. She has won the 5th Seoul International Drama Award for Most Popular Actress.
[3] Then I'd like to recommend to you a movie starred by her. It's called The Bare-Footed Kid.	[3] Well, I recommend you Fallen City, starred by her, tells the story of a small town.
The director is Sung Kee Chiu.	The director is Hong Huang.
I'm sure you'll like it.	It's a film worth watching.
See ya!	Goodbye.
It's 8 p.m.	It's 12 o'clock at noon.
[2] Thank you. Today is sunny with southwest winds. The high will be 16 ℃ and low 3 ℃.	[2] Hey, please be aware that today is cloudy with southwest wind, maximum temperature is 0℃, minimum temperature is -11℃, keep warm.
I will always be your sweetest baby.	I will always be your sweetest baby.
Me too.	Me too.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
I'm very good recently. I did well in the exam.	Good afternoon. My study has regressed recently. I don't know how to keep up with it.
Well, I didn't do well in the exam recently. I need to learn from it.	Mm-hmm. I'll redouble my efforts.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Jingjun Hu, Jing means quiet, Jun means gentleman.
Beautiful girl, of course.	Hee hee, I'm a beauty.
I'm 17 years old.	It's 27.
I usually like to listen to music and watch the news.	Watching movies and news.
[6] Ha ha, I'm going to eat, goodbye.	[6] Heehee, I'm going to eat, goodbye.
Bye!	All right. Let's talk later. GoodBye.
Good afternoon!	Hello.
On the way home.	In the company, I'm resting now.
I don't want to see it now.	I don't want to see a movie now.
I like Aaron Kwok very much.	Wow, my forever idol.
Yes, he also won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Original Film Song.	Yes, he can act and sing. He's a versatile artist.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I don't want to hear this song. Change it please.
Is it good?	Good. Does it sound nice?
OK, I'll listen to it.	OK, I'll listen.
Sure.	Yes, please.
It's really good. I like it very much.	Mm-hmm, it's really good. I'll continue to listen.
Bye!	Mm-hmm, bye.
It's Cecilia Cheung.	The star is Xun Zhou.
[2] Speaking of Xun Zhou, she's a very good actress.	[2] Xun Zhou won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress and Asian Film Award for Best Actress  It's normal for me to know her.
Yes, she also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Actress and the Chinese Film Media Award for Best Actress.	She also won theGolden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress, the Golden Rooster Award for Best Supporting Actress, and the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actress.
[3] I'd like to recommend a movie named The Bare-Footed Kid starred by her to you. It's very funny.	[3] Would you like to see her movie The Message? It's a very good suspense film in China. Xun Zhou's acting is very popular.
[4] Well, Rene Liu's Rene Liu's is also very good. I recommend you to see it. It's a good movie.	[4] Speaking of Rene Liu, her Migratory Bird is very good and interesting movie. I recommend you to see it.
The score is 7.4.	It's 7.7, pretty high.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Yeah, you're going to love her performance.
Bye!	OK, bye.
Today is November 6th, 2018.	May 17, 2018
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Leehom Wang's birthday.	[2] Today is also the birthday of Leehom Wang.
Yes, he is one of the Ten Outstanding Young Persons of the world.	By the way, he's also the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart. He's a talented idol star.
[3] He has a very good song, The Pirate, which is a dance music combining flamenco and hip-hop.	[3] You're Not Here is a very good song. It explains the feeling of loneliness and powerlessness between men and women. It's very infectious. I recommend you to listen to it.
Yes, you'll love it.	Yes, that's right.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want to play You're Not Here?
You're Not Here is playing.	You're Not Here is playing.
OK, see ya!	See ya!
Mi Yang.	It's Nicholas Tse.
[2] You're welcome. Nicholas Tse is the best actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	[2] You're welcome. Nicholas Tse is a versatile star.
You have a good taste. Nicholas Tse is also a star of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	You have a good taste. He has won awards in many aspects. For example, he won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.
[3] I'd like to recommend a movie called In Cold Blood Warm Heart. It's a good movie with sincere feelings.	[3] Yes, speaking of Nicholas Tse, I have to mention his Metade Fumaca. Some people say that it is this film that makes me like Nicholas Tse.
The director is Tsui Hark.	The director is Kam-Hung Yip.
It's good.	It's good.
Hope you like it.	Enjoy the movie.
See ya!	See ya!
Today's weather is sunny with variable winds. The high will be 21 ℃ and low 16 ℃.	Today is cloudy with east wind, maximum temperature is 22 ℃, minimum temperature is 12 ℃.
[2] It's a good day to listen to Who. The lyrics are classical and beautiful.	[2] Such weather is suitable for eating marinated fish.
Marinated grouper tastes great.	It's a good time to eat it today.
Marinated grouper is delicious.	[3] I'd like to recommend a very good marinated fish store, Shujiang Roasted Fish (Swan Lake Wanda Store). It's very good and can be reserved.
The price per person is 54 yuan. The score is 4.2.	It's 68 per person and the rating is 3.7.
No.270 Shushan North Street, Wanda District (behind the tourist bus stop).	It's on the third floor of Wanda Plaza, Swan Lake, 3818 south 2nd Ring Road, Shushan district.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you.	OK, I'll make a reservation for you.
Bye!	See ya!
It will turn from sunny to cloudy with northwest winds in Fuzhou today. The highest temperature will be 20℃, and the lowest temperature will be 9℃.	Guangzhou today is cloudy with northeast wind, highest temperature is 22℃, lowest temperature is 12℃!
[2] Thank you for your praise. Today's weather is suitable for listening to You're Not Here. This song is full of strong classical flavor. It describes a woman's loneliness, powerlessness and powerlessness in love.	[2] Such weather is suitable for eating Sweet and Sour Spare Ribs.
Really? It's a very popular hot dish.	Sweet and Sour Spare Ribs is very delicious, and it's also a well-known hot dish.
Have a nice meal!	[3] I happen to know a store. I recommend you to order sweet and sour spare ribs at Pinshuguo Selected Sichuan Restaurant(ScienceTown store).
35 yuan.	It's 58 per person.
The address is No. 93, ScienceTown Shopping Center, Science City, 18713 Nongye Road, Science City, Huangpu District.	The address: is 3 / F, Gaodehui shopping center, No.193 Science Avenue, Science City, Huangpu District.
The score is 4.1.	It's 4.2.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	OK, I'm on it.
Bye!	Bye!
He's a Scorpio.	Hello, Kris Wu is Scorpio.
[2] Thank you. Kris Wu is a popular male star in China.	[2] Thank you. You're welcome. Kris Wu was born on November 6, 1990. He's a post-90s boy.
You have a good taste. He won the Best Newcomer of the 3rd China International Film Festival London.	In addition, Kris Wu has also won the 3rd China International Film Festival London for Best Newcomer Award, and he's the first male star on the cover of authoritative magazine, and also an outstanding youth of the 15th anniversary celebration of Sina Entertainment. He's excellent.
[3] I'd like to recommend you a song called Floral Sea, which is sung by Kris Wu. The melody of this song is beautiful. The simple arrangement of drum and flute makes this song popular with many people.	[3] If you like Kris Wu so much, don't miss his songs. There Is a Place, as Kris Wu's first work after returning to China, is really beautiful. The lyrics is very imaginative. With soothing melody and moving singing, the song gently hits the hearts of the audience.
I'm sure you'll like it.	This song is really good. Everyone who has heard it will fall in love with his singing.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play this song?
OK, playing for you.	OK, There Is a Place is playing.
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
Not bad.	Pretty good.
Yes, I've made progress in my study.	It's nothing. It's just that learning is very easy recently. The pressure is much less.
I like the movie named Unforgetable.	My favorite is Mr. Peabody & Sherman.
I like Bo Huang best.	Bo Huang, of course.
Yes, he is the most excellent actor in China. He is my idol.	In my eyes, he's an talented actor with strength.
He is also the Most Popular Actor of Chinese Film Media.	Yes, I like his works very much.
I've seen it. I'm not interested in it.	I've seen it, so I don't want to see it for the time being.
Who's the director?	What kind of movie is it? How about the reputation?
Then I'll see it sometime.	I'll see it when I have time.
[6] OK, I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you next time.	[6] I have something else to do. Let's talk later.
Bye!	See ya!
It's 8 p.m.	It's 10:00 p.m.
[2] Thank you for your praise. By the way, today is sunny with east winds. The high will be 22 ℃ and low 13 ℃.	[2] Hey, remind you that the weather is sunny today with southern wind, the highest temperature is 24℃, the lowest temperature is 16℃.
Thank you for that.	You're welcome.
OK, see ya!	Byebye!
Today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 19 ℃ and low 8 ℃.	Today, the weather in Wuhan is sunny to cloudy with northeast wind. The maximum temperature is 9 ℃ and the minimum temperature is 0 ℃.
[2] Thank you for your praise. Today's weather is suitable to eat Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers.	[2] It's wonderful to have a steamed fish head with diced hot red peppers in this weather.
Well, the taste of grilled grouper is very good.	Of course, importantly you'll warm aftering eating this hot dish.
[3] If you want to eat, I recommend you go to Wanzhou Marinated Fish. Steamed fish head with chopped red peppers is their specialty.	[3] I recommend you to go to the Homelike Sichuan Restaurant, whose specialty is steamed fish head with diced hot red peppers. You can also make a reservation.
It is 35 yuan per person.	It's about 15 per person.
The score is 4.5.	It's 3.5.
It's on the fourth floor of Wuhan Middle Road, Hanjiang District.	The address is Donghu Garden, No.22-19 Zhongbei East Road, Wuchang District.
OK, I've made a reservation for you.	Sure, no problem.
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
I've made progress in my study recently. I'm very happy.	It's OK. I've just made some progress.
Yeah, I'll keep working hard.	Yeah, I really tried my best.
My favorite movie is The Bullet Vanishes.	Well, my favorite is The Bullet Vanishes.
I like Nicholas Tse best.	Mi Yang, of course.
That's right. She's also the Most Popular Actress of Chinese Film Media Award.	Yes, she's very popular.
Well, she's also very popular. She has also won the Chinese Film Media Award for Best Actress.	Ha ha, she has a good figure, beautiful face and  excellent acting. Who doesn't like her.
I've seen this. I don't want to see it again.	Sorry, I've seen this movie.
Who is the director?	That sounds pretty good. Can you tell me who the director is?
That sounds good. I can't wait to see it.	Then it's worth seeing.
[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[6] OK, I'll see when I have time. It's time for me to eat. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
Good evening.	Good evening.
I'm very happy. I got a promotion.	Very happy, I got bonus.
My name is Fangyang Liu.	My name is Qiqin Liu.
Ha ha, thank you.	Ha ha, thank you.
37 years old.	I'm 36 years old.
I like adoring stars and listening to music.	So sweet. I like watching movies and news.
[6] Well, I'm going to bed. Bye.	[6] Ha ha, yes, I have to clean up.
Bye!	Well, talk late. Bye.
Good afternoon.	Good afternoon!
I'm very good recently. I did well in the exam.	Learning has progressed, pretty good.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Xiaofeng Hu.
Yeah.	Of course, smart
I'm 27 years old.	17 years old, hee hee.
Yes, I'm a fangirl.	I like listening to music and chasing stars.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Well, I'm home. Bye.
Good morning.	Good evening.
I'm under a lot of pressure from my work.	Nothing. It's just that I'm tired with my grandchildren.
I like Piano in the Attic best.	All the Way.
Yeah, I like him very much.	Yes, I really like Jiong He.
Yes, he is not only good at hosting, but also good at singing.	I really admire him. He's a talent.
I'm not interested in this song.	I don't want to hear it for the moment.
This song seems good.	Really? I haven't heard this song. Does it sound great?
Okay. I'll listen to it.	I really want to listen to it.
Sure.	Sure. Please get it on.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm going to have dinner. Talk to you next time.	Sounds great. I've added it to my favorite.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Today is May 17, 2018.	No, today is May 17, 2018.
[2] Hey, hey, today is Leehom Wang's birthday.	[2] Thank you for your praise. Today is also the birthday of Leehom Wang, a popular Chinese singer.
Yes, he's not only good at singing, but also good at acting. He won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Supporting Actor.	Yes, he's known as the king of golden melody. He was the Best Male Singer in Hong Kong and Taiwan region of 15th Global Chinese Music Awards.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Chinese Zodiac (Live) to you. The lyrics are classical and poetic, and the melody is lively.	[3] His songs are also very good. Bridge of Faith, as his masterpiece, has attracted a large number of fans. It's also very good as a end song of a movie. I recommend it to you.
Yes, it's good. Many people like it.	It's really good. A lot of people have set it as ringtone. Believe me, you won't be disappointed.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you need me to play this song for you?
OK, Bridge of Faith is playing for you.	Now let's play Bridge of Faith.
OK, see ya!	Okay, goodbye.
He's a snake.	He's a snake.
[2] Thank you. I also know that Xiaoming Huang is the Best Actor of the 13th China Changchun Film Festival.	[2] Hehe, you pay attention to him. You should be his fan.
He's excellent. He has also won the Best Actor of the 13th China Changchun Film Festival.	He's not only good at acting, but also a Chinese goodwill ambassador of the Joint United Nations Program on HIV/AIDS.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend his song named The Sun Washed by Spring Rain to you. It's a rare duet song with Chinese style. The rhythm of the song is beautiful.	[3] Since you like him so much. His movie The Last Tycoon is very good. It reproduces the prosperous scenes of Shanghai Bund in the 1920s-1930s. You will love it.
The director is Fangfang Li.	It's Jing Wong.
It won't let you down.	OK, you'll love it.
Bye!	Bye!
OK, see ya!	Right.
I've regressed in my study recently.	Study pressure is so big.
My name is Jiaofei Zhang.	My name is Yuzhen Hu.
Yes, you are so smart.	So smart. You're right.
I'm 18 years old.	I'm 26 years old.
I usually like to follow stars' information, watch movies and listen to music.	I like to watch the news.
[6] Hey, hey. I'm going to bed, goodbye.	[6] Well, I'm going to eat. Bye.
Today is May 6, 2018.	Today is December 13, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, today is Jimmy Lin's birthday.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, Dongguan is cloudy and windy today. The maximum temperature is 14 ℃, and the minimum temperature is 11 ℃. You should keep warm when you go out.
You're welcome.	You're welcome. My pleasure.
Bye!	OK, goodbye.
Kris Wu is 187cm.	Hello, Kris Wu is 187cm.
[2] Speaking of Kris Wu, he is the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony in 2015.	[2] You're welcome. I know he was born in 1990, a handsome boy.
Of course, he has also won the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony in 2015.	And he also won the Best Actor of Tokyo International Film Festival · China Film Week.
[3] Since you like him so much, I'd like to recommend a song called Chinese Soul to you. Kris Wu's voice is so beautiful. I recommend it to you.	[3] Deserve is an excellent work of his. I recommend it to you. Kris's voice is charming.
Yes, it's very popular. Many people like it.	Yes, it's Kris Wu. It sounds nice.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it?
It's playing.	Deserve is playing.
Bye!	Bye!
Good evening.	Ha ha, good evening.
I've been very busy recently.	I've worked very well recently, and I've got my salary.
Not really for movies at the moment.	I don't want to talk about movies right now.
I like her very much.	Yes, she's a glamorous actress in costume dramas
Yeah, I really like her.	Yeah, she's good at acting and she's very beautiful.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I've listened.
Is it catchy?	It sounds good by the name.
OK, I'll listen to it.	OK, I'll listen to it.
Sure.	Sure, please.
Well, it's really catchy.	That's it. Good. I have something to do.
Bye!	See ya!
It's cloudy with northeast winds today. The high will be 14 ℃ and low 5 ℃.	It'll turn from sunny to cloudy with southwest winds today. The high will be 13 ℃ and low - 2 ℃. It's a little cold.
[2] If you want to know about the weather, you can go to the restaurant named Laoqi Sichuan Cuisine. Their speciality is Laoqi Sichuan Cuisine.	[2] Of course. In today's weather, if you listen to a song called Chinese Soul, you will feel excited. It expresses the singer's pride as a Chinese and cultural confidence.
It's Kris Wu.	It's our music talent Kris Wu.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] It would be better to play it for you now.
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, it's playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
Good morning!	Good evening!
It's good. I did well in the exam.	It's OK, but I'm a little busy at work.
Okay. Thank you for your concern.	Well, I will. Thank you.
My name is Qizhen Ji.	My name is Xiaojun Lei.
Yeah, so smart.	Yeah, I'm a girl.
I'm 26 years old.	I'm 37 this year.
I like following stars, watching movies and listening to music.	I usually like following news of stars and watching movies.
[6] Well, I'm going to have a rest. Bye.	[6] Here I'm at the company. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
It's Leslie Cheung.	It's Bingbing Fan!
[2] You're welcome! Bingbing Fan is a popular actress in China.	[2] Bingbing Fan is a senior star in the entertainment industry!
You have a good taste. Bingbing Fan is also the Best Actress of the Asian Film Awards!	You have a good eye! She has won Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress.
[3] I'd like to recommend a movie named She's Gone Far Away starring Bingbing Fan. In the movie, Bingbing Fan acts as the mother of a little girl, who is not afraid of gossip and is also not afraid of gossip.	[3] Since you like her so much, you can't miss her movie My Way. It's a masterpiece starred by Chinese, Japanese and Korean movie stars!
It's a fantasy and action movie!	This is a movie combining with action, plot and history.
It won't let you down!	I'm sure it won't let you down.
Bye!	All right, bye!
It's mostly cloudy with northeast winds in Changsha. The high will be 22 ℃ and low 14 ℃.	It's cloudy with southeast winds in Hefei on November 19th, 2018. The high will be 14 ℃ and the low 5 ℃.
[2] It's a perfect day for eating Spicy Crawfish.	[2] This kind of weather is suitable for eating Corn Flour Pancake.
Yes, corn flour is very nutritious.	Yes, corn flour is good for the stomach.
[3] OK, I won't disturb you then. Bye.	[3] I recommend you to go to Shujiang Roasted Fish (Swan Lake Wanda Store) to eat Corn Flour Pancake. You can reserve in advance.
32 yuan.	The price per person of Shujiang Roasted Fish (Swan Lake Wanda Store) is 68.
The address is No.31-2 Tongji Road, Hanjiang District (near ICBC Normal University branch).	Shujiang Roasted Fish (Swan Lake Wanda Store) is located on the third floor of Swan Lake Wanda Plaza, No. 3818, South 2nd Ring Road, Shushan District.
The score is 4.1.	The score of Shujiang Roasted Fish (Swan Lake Wanda Store) is 3.7.
OK, no problem.	OK, it has been reserved for you.
Ok, good night.	OK, see ya!
Today's mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 19 ℃ and low 13 ℃.	It's sunny with variable winds today. The high will be 28 ℃ and low 12 ℃.
[2] My pleasure. It's a perfect day to have Marinated Fish.	[2] Ha ha, this kind of weather is suitable for eating Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers.
Yeah, the most important thing is that you will feel warm after eating this hot dish.	You can add more chopped chilli if you love spicy food. it's really satisfying.
[3] If you want to eat it, you can order Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers at Country Love Dumpling Restaurant.	All right.
Bye!	OK, goodbye!
Not bad. I just got paid.	Hello, I've got my salary today. I'm very happy.
Yes, I will.	Yes, I'll treat myself first. Ha ha ha.
My name is Pinglu Liu.	My name is Ping Ren.
Yes, you are so smart.	Ha ha, you're right.
Just 30.	Twenty-three.
I like listening to music and watching news.	I like listening to music or something.
[6] Hey, hey. I'm going to bed, goodbye.	[6] Ha ha. I gotta do something else. Talk later. Goodbye.
Goodbye.	Bye!
Good morning.	Good morning.
Great. I got a promotion.	I'm under pressure from work.
I like Love of Houston best.	My favorite is Hand in Hand.
Yes, I like him very much.	Leehom Wang is my idol.
I think so.	Ha ha, he's also excellent.
I've heard this song. Any other recommendations?	I've listened.
The name sounds good.	It's a good name. Is it popular?
I'll listen to it.	Then I'll listen to it.
Yes, go ahead.	Yes.
Thank you.	OK, thank you.
Bye!	Bye!
It's Jacky Cheung.	The movie is starred by Mi Yang.
[2] You're welcome. Mi Yang is a popular actress in the entertainment circle.	[2] You're welcome. Do you like Mi Yang? She has won Most Anticipated Actress of the Chinese Film Media Award.
Yes, and she has also won the Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress.	She has also won Best Actress at the Houston International Film Festival. She's very good at acting.
[3] I'd like to recommend you her movie named The Lost Princess. It's a good movie.	[3] Since you like Mi Yang so much, would you like to see her Fall In Love Like A Star? It's an excellent work. It's called "a real lovey-dovey blockbuster".
It's a love story film.	It's a love movie.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I believe you will definitely like it after watching it.
OK, see ya!	Sure, I won't keep you then, goodbye.
Today's weather is cloudy with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 9℃ and the minimum temperature will be 2℃.	Hello, it'll be thundershower from today's night to tomorrow's day with variable winds in Haikou. The high will be 29 ℃ and low 24 ℃. Remember to bring an umbrella when you go out.
[2] This kind of weather is suitable for eating Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] You're welcome. Today's weather is suitable for eating Duck Blooding Chili Sauce.
Really? This hot dish is very popular.	You have a good eye. Duck blood and Tripe are the essence of this dish.
[3] OK, I recommend you to order Duck Blooding Chili Sauce at Yicaiyige Classic Sichuan Restaurant.	I'm sure this dish won't let you down.
Bye!	See you tomorrow. Good night.
Yes, I know. He is 172cm tall.	Of course. He's one point eight meters tall.
[2] Speaking of Leehom Wang, he is one of the Ten Outstanding Young Persons of Shandong Province.	[2] Ha ha, speaking of Leehom Wang, he's good at acting. He has also won Hong Kong Film Award for Best New Actor and Most Anticipated Actor of the Chinese Film Media Award.
You have a good eye. He also won the Golden Melody Award for Best Male Mandarin Singer.	Not only that, he is also a talented musician. He has not only won MTV Asia Award for The Most Popular Male Singer in Taiwan, but also won Golden Melody Awards for Chinese Male Singer Award.
[3] Yes, you can listen to his song Chinese Soul (Live). The song integrates the eastern and western elements and makes innovations, so as to better combine rap music with Chinese traditional culture.	[3] Yes, I recommend you one of his songs called Beautiful. Originally, this song was the lighthearted and playful background music in the movie. With the rearrangement of Leehom Wang, it has become such a work with high international recognition.
Yes, it is.	Yes, it's worth listening to.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play this song for you now?
Playing Beautiful for you.	OK, it's playing for you. Enjoy it.
OK, see ya!	Yeah, bye!
Today is May 24, 2018.	Today is January 18, 2018.
[2] Today is Jay Chou's birthday.	[2] I'm flattered. Today is also the birthday of pop star Jay Chou!
Yes, he is a popular star. He has won the MTV Asian Music Awards for Most Popular Artist.	Yeah, he's excellent. He has won Golden Melody Awards for 15 times, and he has also won MTV Asia Awards for The Most Popular Artist for two times. He's really great!
[3] His song All the Way is very good. Jay Chou sings with his mellow voice, which has a soothing power. You can listen to it.	[3] Then you must try this beautiful dance music The Pirate, which combines flamenco and hip hop.
Yes, the song is very catchy.	The whole song is also great. I believe you'll like it.
[4] Do you want me to play The Pirate for you now?	[4] Shall I play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	Jay Chou's The Pirate is playing. Please enjoy it.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it. His songs are really great.
OK, see ya!	OK, goodbye.
Type A.	He's type A.
[2] Thanks for your praise. He has won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Supporting Actor.	[2] Yes. Maybe you like Nicholas Tse? He is a pure and pute good man!
He is also the winner of the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor. He's excellent.	Not only that, he has also made a lot of effort in acting, and has won Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor.
[3] Yes, his acting is really good. I recommend you to see his Rain. It's very good.	[3] Since you like him so much, you can watch his film Tiramisu. You can see that Chaoxian Lin is very attentive in making this film. From the beginning when Xie and Lin first fell in love because of their acquaintance, to the middle when Nicholas Tse helped Jiaxin Lin fulfill her wish, to the end when they shuttled between Yin and Yang to love each other forever. They acted vividly. And some scenes are beautiful, giving people an excellent feeling.
[4] Then I recommend you to watch Cecilia Cheung's movie The Crescent.	[4] Well, then you can't miss Cecilia Cheung's Help!, which is a very funny film.
Yes, it's a love comedy.	It's a comedy. I hope you'll like it!
It won't let you down.	Well, you can't miss it.
Bye!	OK, goodbye.
Hello, I was paid today.	I'm so happy cause I got my bonus.
I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music now.
Yes, I like him very much.	He's a superstar.
He's really excellent.	Yes, he is also the record holder of Chinese records in South Korea.
I've seen this one. Change it.	I've seen it. Any film else?
Who is the director?	What's the score?
It's good. I'll see it when I have time.	Then I'll see it.
Bye!	See ya!
It's 8:00 a.m. on December 19, 2018, Beijing time.	Now it's 12:00 at noon on December 15th, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, today it will turn from cloudy to overcast with southeast wind. The maximum temperature is 17 ℃ and the minimum temperature is 8 ℃.	[2] Ha ha. By the way, it'll turn from cloudy to sunny with southeast winds in Xingtai today. The high will be 6 ℃ and low - 1 ℃. Keep warm.
It what I should do.	You're welcome. I'm very happy to serve you.
OK, goodbye!	OK, bye!
Today is September 12, 2018.	Today is April 28, 2018.
[2] Thank you for your compliment. Today is also Jiong He's birthday.	[2] By the way, today is the birthday of the star teacher Mr. Jiong He in the entertainment industry.
He is also the Most Popular TV Host of China Student Television Festival. He's really popular.	He's not only good at hosting, but also good at singing.
[3] Do you want to listen to the song Heroes of Earth? It's a great song. I recommend it to you.	[3] Have you ever heard his song Another Self? 41 years old Jiong He, who is challenging another myself and accomplishing his dream as a director, puts his heart into the song and conveys his youth attitude of "It's not too late".
You're going to love it.	This song is very suitable for listening repeatedly
[4] Do you want me to play this song for you?	[4] Do you want me to play this song for you?
Another Self is playing for you.	Playing Another Self for you.
I'm glad you like it.	Yes, it's a very inspirational song.
See ya!	Bye!
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	It's playing.
[2] Thank you. I'd like to recommend you another song Superman Can't Fly, which is also sung by Jay Chou. It's the theme song of his album Superman Can't Fly.	[2] It's what I should do. There is also a great song called Self Directed Act, which is an R & B style song. Do you want to listen to it?
How about Run Toward the Future? It's a good song.	How about Floral Sea? It's a song full of island style. Jay Chou sings with island singing, which has a soothing power.
You will love it.	You can listen to it. I'm sure you'll like it.
[3] Can I play it for you now?	[3] Do you need me to play it for you?
It's playing.	OK, wait a moment, please!
OK, see ya!	Go ahead. Bye!
Today is October 15, 2018.	It's July 10, 2018.
[2] Ha ha, today is also Jacky Cheung's birthday.	[2] Today is Jacky Cheung's birthday.
Yes, he has also won Golden Melody Awards for Mandarin Male Singer twice.	Not only that, he is also one of Ten Outstanding Young Persons of Hong Kong. And he has also won The Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Can't Fight The Feeling to you. It's a song worth listening to.	[3] I recommend you the classic A Chinese Ghost Story II: The Tao In Human World starred by him. I watched it many times when I was a child.
It has a good reputation. The score is 7.4.	The film has a good reputation, with a score of 7.4.
I believe it won't let you down.	I believe you will be very satisfied.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Today is mostly cloudy with southwest winds. The high will be 21 ℃, and low 15 ℃.	Today is cloudy with northwest winds. The high will be 25 ℃ and the low 13 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is very suitable for eating Duck Blooding Chili Sauce.	[2] Today's weather is very good, which is suitable for listening to Who's the Keyman. This song has catchy melody and lively rhythm.
It's Jiong He.	It's sung by Jiong He. It's worth listening to. It's very impressive.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Would you like me to play it for you?
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, I'm playing Jiong He's Who's the Keyman for you.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
It's Xiaoming Huang.	Xiaoming Huang.
[2] You're welcome. Xiaoming Huang is a famous actor. Do you like him?	[2] You're welcome. I can remember clearly a handsome guy like Xiaoming Huang.
You have a good taste. He won the 25th Golden Phoenix Award of China Film Performance Art Institute.	He is very popular. He has also won The Most Popular Actor in the 17th Beijing College Student Film Festival.
[3] Since you like him so much, I'd like to recommend one of his movies, The Bare-Footed Kid, which is starred by Jimmy Lin.	[3] Do you want to see The Message starred by him? This is a very good work. The film is cruel and more realistic than other films.
[4] OK, I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you later.	[4] You can see Mi Yang's All's Well, Ends Well 2012. The originality of the film is better and close to the reality of urban love and life.
Besides Mi Yang, there are Chao Deng and Xiyan Xu.	There are Donnie Yen, Tianle Gu, Junru Wu, Wenze Du, Dailin Xiong, Huilin Chen and Baiming Huang.
You won't be disappointed.	It won't let you down.
OK, see ya!	OK, goodbye!
Very good.	Good afternoon. I didn't do well in the exam. I'm not happy.
OK, I see.	Well, I need to cheer myself up.
I like the movie To Live and Die in Tsimshatsui best.	I love the movie To Live and Die in Tsimshatsui.
Leslie Cheung, of course.	It must be Jacky Cheung.
Of course, I know him. He's my idol.	Of course, anyone who has seen his concert will say that he is the best.
Yes, I like his songs very much.	He is the superstar in my heart!
I've seen this one. I don't want to see it now.	I'm not interested in the film. I don't really want to see it.
Who is the director?	Who is the leading actor?
That sounds good. I'll see it when I have time.	Wow, the cast is very good. I'll see it. How's the reputation?
OK, I'll see it when I have time.	[6] Well, OK, I'll see it. I'm going to study.
Bye!	Bye!
Good afternoon. Today's weather is light rain with northeast winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 2 ℃. Remember to take an umbrella when you go out.	It'll turn from sunny to cloudy with northeast winds today. The high will be 3 ℃ and low - 1 ℃. Remember to wear warm when you go out.
[2] You're welcome. It's a good day to eat Marinated Fish.	[2] Yes, but today's weather is suitable for eating Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil. It's hot and can warm your body.
Yes, fish is delicious.	It's good to eat fish. It's nutritious and it doesn't let you gain weight. Trust me.
[3] Then I recommend you to go to Wanzhou Roasted Fish. It's their speciality.	[3] You can go to Wochi Spicy(Wanxiang Plaza, Qingdao). The specialty there is Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil.
The average spending there is 30RMB per person. The score is 4.7.	The price per person is 67. The address is L543, Wanxiangcheng, No. 10 Shandong Road, Shinan District (Hong Kong Middle Road). The score is 3.3. It's very delicious.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	You're welcome. It's what I should do. Have a good time.
All right. Bye!	OK, see ya!
It's 12:00 at noon.	It's 8:00 p.m. on Sunday. The date is December 9th, 2018.
[2] Thank you for your praise. By the way, today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 6 ℃ and low - 7 ℃.	[2] Thank you for your praise. By the way, it'll turn from sunny to cloudy with southwest winds. The high will be - 3 ℃ and low - 11 ℃. The temperature difference between morning and night is large. Pay attention to keep warm.
I'm glad to serve you.	I will always be your sweet little cotton padded jacket.
OK, see ya!	See ya!
Today's weather is cloudy with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 13℃ and the minimum temperature will be 3℃.	It'll turn from cloudy to light rain with northeast winds in Fuzhou today. The high will be 21 ℃ and the low 15 ℃.
[2] It's a perfect day for Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil.	[2] It's perfect to eat Marinated Fish in this weather.
The taste of grilled grouper is very good.	It's very nutritious and also suitable for rainy days.
[3] I recommend you to order Marinated Fish at Yufeiyu Fashion Hunan Cuisine.	I believe you will be very satisfied.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	Good morning, I'm retired recently, and I have nothing to do. I'm a little lonely.
Yes, I will.	OK, I'll try.
Sorry, I don't want to listen to music for the moment.	Sorry, I don't want to listen to music at the moment.
I like him very much. He is the most popular male singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.	I like him very much. He's an experienced and accomplished singer.
He's a perfect man.	He's a very good artist. I also like his films.
Sorry, I'm not interested in it.	I'm sorry, I don't want to see this one for the moment.
What kind of movie is it?	What's the score?
That's good. I'll see it when I have time.	It seems that I can see it.
[5] OK, I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you next time.	[5] Ha ha, thank you for your recommendation. I gotta work.
Goodbye.	Goodbye.
Today is May 17, 2018.	Hello, today is September 27th, 2018.
[2] Do you know today is Andy Lau's birthday?	[2] Today is also a good day. You know what? Today is Andy Lau's birthday.
Yes, he was born on September 27th, 1961.	He was born in 1961, and he is one of the Hongkong Four Heavenly Kings.
[3] Well, have you ever listened to his song named Impossible to Miss You? It's a song that can't be missed. The lyrics say that every time you listen to it, you will fall in love with it.	[3] Yes, have you seen the movie Days of Being Wild starred by him? It has a good reputation and is worth seeing.
The director is Tsui Hark.	The director is Wong Kar-wai, who is also very famous. This film is a feature film.
It won't let you down.	Believe me, this movie is worth seeing.
See ya!	OK, see ya!
Good afternoon!	Hello.
My life is boring recently.	Life is boring these days.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Jingjia Li.
Yes.	Yes, you are so smart!
37 years old.	I'm over 50.
I like listening to music and watching the news.	I'm old. I like following news of stars and listening to music to kill time.
[6] Well, it's late. I'm going to sleep. Talk later.	[6] Ha ha, I'm going to eat. Let's talk next time!
Bye!	Bye!
Today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be - 1 ℃, and low - 14 ℃.	Now it'll turn from sunny to cloudy with variable winds. The high will be 22 ℃ and the low 12 ℃.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Lamb Kebab.	[2] It's OK. Listen to From Now On on the way. The whole song is fresh and fluent. The melody is warm, lyrical and catchy.
Kris Wu.	It's Kris Wu's song.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	The song From Now On is playing for you.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Not bad.	I'm in a good mood.
I've made progress in my study.	I have made progress in my study.
My name is Fangxia Liu.	My name is Xinwen Mo. Just call me Xiaowen.
You are so clever.	It's OK. I'm just an ordinary girl.
I'm six years old.	28 years old.
I like listening to music.	In addition to class time, I like seeing the film and watching my favorite stars' news.
[6] Yeah, I'm going to study. Talk later.	[6] Yes, I have something to do. I'll talk to you next time.
Bye!	Bye.
Today's sunny with southeast winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 6 ℃.	It's light rain with northeast winds in Yangzhou today. The high will be 16 ℃ and low 11 ℃.
[2] Well, it's suitable for eating Marinated Fish in such weather.	[2] This kind of weather is suitable to eat Marinated Fish.
Yes, you can eat it.	Yes, it'll be warm in your stomach after eating this dish.
You're welcome.	No worries.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Not very good. My study is backward.	Hello, I'm so happy recently! I got my bonus today. I should treat myself well.
Of course.	Okay. You won't regret it.
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	My name is Mingzheng Li.
Yes, you are so smart.	Yes, you're so smart. You even know that.
I'm 21 years old.	I'm 52. I'm already a middle-aged man.
I usually like to follow stars' information, watch movies and listen to music.	I usually like listening to music and watching movies, but I don't like sports.
[6] OK, I'm going to eat, goodbye.	[6] OK, thank you for your advice. Here I'm home. I'll talk to you next time!
Bye!	Ok, goodbeye.
Today is January 18, 2018.	Today is October 7th, 2018.
[2] Today is also the birthday of Jimmy Lin, who was born on October 7th, 1974.	[2] Thank you for your like. It'll turn from sunny to cloudy with north winds in Jiujiang today. The high will be 27 ℃ and the low 17 ℃.
Thank you for that.	Ha ha, thank you for your praise.
See ya!	Byebye!
Ruby Lin is Aquarius.	Of course, Ruby Lin is an Aquarius.
[2] You're welcome. Ruby Lin is a very popular actress. She has won the 5th Seoul International Drama Awards for Best Actress.	[2] When it comes to Ruby Lin, she's also the famous star in Chinese mainland, Hong Kong and Taiwan.
Well, she has also won the Best Actress of Chinese Film of Huading Awards.	It's true. In addition, Ruby Lin has won Best Actress of Chinese TV Drama of the 18th Huading Awards and Best Supporting Actress of Chinese Film of the 5th Huading Awards. She is an excellent actress.
[3] Then I'd like to recommend you a movie starred by her. It's called The Crescent. You can have a look.	[3] I recommend you her movie Fallen City. One's life is wandering between right and wrong, love and hate, joy and pain.
It's good.	Yes, it does.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I'm sure it won't let you down.
All right. Bye!	OK, see ya!
It will turn from sunny to cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be - 6 ℃, and low - 13 ℃.	It's sunny with variable winds in Qinhuangdao today. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 1 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for eating Sautéed Beef Fillet.	[2] It's a perfect day to eat Kung Pao Chicken.
That's great. Many people like it.	Of course, this dish is very nutritious. It's very good.
[3] If you want to eat, I recommend you to go to Laoqi Sichuan Restaurant. The Kung Pao Chicken there is very good.	Yes, it's very delicious.
OK, goodbye.	Have a nice day, goodbye!
I've been very happy recently. I've got a promotion.	I'm not very happy recently. I didn't do well in the exam.
OK, thank you. I will.	Thank you for your encouragement. I will try my best.
I don't want to listen to music now.	Sorry, I don't want to talk about music at the moment.
Yes, he is my idol.	I like Kris Wu very much. He is a very popular star.
Yes, I'm interested in the film.	I'm very interested, especially in his movies.
It's very good. But I'm not interested in this movie.	I've seen this movie. Do you have any other suggestions?
Who is the director?	What's the score of this movie?
OK, I'll watch it when I have time.	I'll watch it when I have time.
[5] I'm going to dinner. Talk to you next time.	Thanks for your recommendation!
Bye!	See ya!
Today is cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 16 ℃ and low 6 ℃.	It's unny with south winds. The high will be 16 ℃ and low 8 ℃. It's a little cold.
[2] Thank you. It's a perfect day for eating Marinated Fish.	[2] In this kind of weather, it's really perfect to eat Poached Spicy Slices of Pork to warm body!
That's great. It's delicious.	That's perfect. You can try it.
[3] OK, have a nice meal! Bye!	That's for sure. It's a necessity to warm body.
Bye!	No problem, goodbye.
OK, I'm on it.	Begone Love is playing for you.
[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend another good song by Jay Chou, It's Enough, which is a song full of positive energy and boundlessness. It's worth listening to.	[2] You're welcome. Have you heard Blamefully Beautiful? This song is well interpreted by Leslie Cheung. I recommend it to you.
What about A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream? This song is very good. I suggest you listen to it.	How about The Years Flow Like Water? This song has also won the Platinum of Jade Solid Gold Awards in 1985.
Yeah, you'll like it.	Leslie Cheung's compassionate feelings in the song are also expressed.
[3] Do you want me to play this song for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play The Years Flow Like Water for you?
Playing The Years Flow Like Water.	I'm playing The Years Flow Like Water for you.
Bye!	See ya!
Hello, it's 8:00 a.m. on October 3, 2018.	Hello, it's 12:00 at noon, Tuesday, December 18th, 2018.
[2] Today's weather is very good, with south winds. The high will be 19 ℃, and low 8 ℃.	[2] By the way, it's sunny with northeast winds in Xiamen today. The high will be 20 ℃ and low 11 ℃. The temperature difference is large. Be careful of catching cold.
Hee hee, I'm your sweet little housekeeper.	That's what I ought to do.
OK, see ya!	Then I won't disturb you. Bye.
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, I'll play it for you.
[2] I'd like to recommend Kris Wu's another song Self Directed Act, which is a hip-hop song with strong international recognition.	[2] I'm flattered. There's also a song called Enchanting Melody, which is Jay Chou's first attempt at electronic dance. This song is really amazing. It's really easy to shake your legs when you're listening to the song.
How about Greenhouse Girl? It's a great song. It's very catchy.	Well, you can listen to Chivalry, which is a classic song.
Yes, it's very popular.	Yeah, I think you'll like it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	OK, thank you!
That's all right.	[4] I'm gonna have my meal now, let's catch up tomorrow.
It's Leehom Wang.	I know. It's Leehom Wang!
[2] Leehom Wang is a popular singer in China.	[2] Ha ha, he is a popular star. How could I not know him!
And he also won the 15th Huading Award for Best Singer in the world.	Yes, and he is very talented. He has also won Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Rain. It's a very good song. It's very catchy!	[3] Well, I'd like to recommend a song Sun & Moon of My Heart. The smooth and beautiful style of the song seems to take the audience across the fairyland of the world. Chinese musical instruments, such as flute, Chinese guitar, dulcimer, drum, uses the creation method of Chinese pentatonic scale to compose the melody of western music.
It's very popular!	It's very catchy!
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Would you like me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you. I believe you will like it.
Bye!	Yeah, bye!
Today is from cloudy to overcast with southwest winds. The high will be 20 ℃ and low 8 ℃.	Today, it'll turn from overcast to light rain with west winds in Taiyuan. The high will be 15 ℃ and the low 5 ℃。
[2] It's a perfect day to have Sautéed Beef Fillet.	[2] It's perfect to have a Marinated Fish in such kind of weather.
It's a delicious hot dish.	The point is that this hot dish makes me feel warm in my heart after eating it.
[3] You can order Marinated Fish at Yicaiyige Classic Sichuan Restaurant.	[3] If you want to eat Marinated Fish, I recommend you to Zhenzhiwei Roasted Fish. You can reserve seats in this restaurant.
The price per person is 50 yuan.	The price per person is about 42.
The score is 3.9.	The score is 4.4, which is good.
The address is No.123, Xingcheng Middle Road, Hanjiang District.	It's at No. 92, Xuxinan Street, Xiaodian District (opposite to the Lane Snack and Donkey Burger).
Sure, no problem.	OK. It's done.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Today is January 18, 2018.	Today is November 13, 2018.
[2] Today is also Xiaoming Huang's birthday.	[2] Ha ha, today is also Xiaoming Huang's birthday.
Xiaoming Huang is the Best Actor of the 10th Chinese Film Media Awards. He is excellent.	I also know that Xiaoming Huang is one of Ten Outstanding Young Persons of Shandong Province and has won Best Actor in 4th China Image Film Festival.
[3] I recommend you to watch his movie, The Pirate, which is a typical Hong Kong style Kung Fu movie.	[3] Yes, I recommend you to see his City Hunter. Both gorgeous fighting scenes and touching love stories are worth recalling.
[4] OK, I recommend you to watch the movie Mi Yang's Hong Kong style. It's very good.	[4] Then you can see All's Well, Ends Well 2012 starred by Mi Yang. Netizens commented that it's good to watch comedies when you are in a bad mood.
It's a comedy. The reputation is good.	It's a comedy love movie with good reputation.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I believe it won't let you down.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
It's April 28, 2018.	Today is April 16, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Jiong He's birthday.	[2] You know what? Today is also the birthday of the sexy star Hsu Chi.
Hsu Chi is also the Most Popular Actress of the Magnolia Award of Shanghai TV Festival.	What a coincidence! Hsu Chi has won Huabiao Film Awards for Outstanding Actress. Your idol's acting skills are excellent.
[3] I'd like to recommend you a movie called Chinese Love starred by her. It's a love story with a bit of plot.	[3] Ha ha, I'd like to recommend you a movie Levin starred by Hsu Chi. It's good. It has international blockbuster's quality.
The director is Xiaogang Feng.	The director is Olivier Megaton.
It has a good reputation.	Good reputation.
I wish you like it.	Hope you'll like it.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
Jiong He's birthday is April 28th.	Jiong He's birthday is April 28th.
[2] Jiong He is the Most Popular Male TV Host among college students in China Student Television Festival.	[2] I also know that Jiong He has won the Excellent Host Award of the 25th Golden Eagle Award!
He also won the China TV Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.	Jiong He is also good at singing. He is an all-round host.
[3] I'd like to recommend a song of his, All the Way, which is very catchy. Would you like to listen to it?	[3] Let's listen to the song Another Self sung by Jiong He. 41 years old Jiong He, who is challenging another myself and accomplishing his dream as a director, puts his heart into the song and conveys his youth attitude of "It's not too late".
This song is very nice.	This song is very classic and catchy.
[4] Do you want to play Another Self for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play Another Self for you?
Another Self is playing for you.	Another Self is playing for you.
You're welcome. My pleasure.	You're welcome. If you like it, I can recommend more beautiful songs to you in the future.
Bye!	Bye!
It's Jay Chou.	It's Jay Chou.
[2] Speaking of Jay Chou, he is one of the 25 most influential people in Asia on CNN.	[2] When it comes to Jay Chou, he's kind of a musical genius.
He's really awesome. He has won the 15th Huading Award for Best Singer in the world.	Yes, he has also won many awards. He has won World Music Awards for The Best Selling Chinese Artist for four times. And he is the Annual Record Sales Champion for eight times in China.
[3] Then I recommend his song Can't Fight The Feeling to you. It's a song about memories. It's very good. The melody and lyrics integrate rap music and Chinese traditional culture. It makes people feel good.	[3] Have you heard his Rain Falls All Night? I recommend it to you. It's a lyric song. It turns into Chinese style in the middle of the song. It's refreshing.
Yeah, but it's really good.	Every song has its own story. After listening to it, you will find its wonder.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?
There you go.	OK, it's playing for you.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
Xun Zhou is a Libra.	She's a Libra.
[2] I also know that Xun Zhou is a good actress. She has won the Best Actress of Chinese Film Media Award.	[2] Of course, Xun Zhou is a beautiful lady. She has also won Golden Rooster Award for Best Actress.
Yes, her acting is really good. She has also won Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress.	Well, she is known as a born dramatist, so she has made great achievements in this field.
[3] Well, I'd like to recommend her movie A Man Of Intention. It is also the first work of the Chinese Film Media. It's worth seeing.	[3] Her films have always been excellent. For example, in the movie The Equation of Love & Death, Xun Zhou's acting is very good. I recommend it to you.
Besides Xun Zhou, there are Takeshi Kaneshiro, Yuya Kaneshiro, Yumiko [MOVIE_ID]  and Tsui Hark.	There are Chao Deng, Hanyu Zhang and Baoqiang Wang.
It won't let you down.	Well, it'll definitely open up your eyes.
OK, bye.	Bye!
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, I'll play it for you now.
[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend a song Blamefully Beautiful sung by Jiong He. It's a classic song. It's also a good one.	[2] That's what I should do. And his Blamefully Beautiful is not bad. It's a song that many people single cycle for a long time. Try to listen it?
OK, how about his A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream? The melody is catchy and the rhythm is lively.	Well, his The Years Flow Like Water is also very good. It has won the Golden Melody Award. Would you like to listen to it?
Yes, he sings very well.	Right.
[3] May I play it for you now?	[3] Can I play The Years Flow Like Water for you now?
OK, playing for you.	OK, playing now.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
OK, bye!	OK, byebye.
OK, I'm playing Could You Love Me? for you.	OK, Could You Love Me? is playing.
[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend another song Wonderful Happiness to you. It's a song about memories.	[2] You're welcome. According to your interests, I recommend his song The Daytime Never Know The Darkness Of Night. This version of Jiong He is wonderful. I hope you'll like it!
Then you must listen to the song Still Think You're the Best. It's a classic song. You must listen to it!	Well, how about Dream at That Time. It's also sung by Jiong He. You can listen to it!
It's a good song. You'll like it!	It's a very catchy song. It's definitely in line with your taste!
[3] Do you want me to play this song for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play Dream at That Time for you now?
Dream at That Time is playing.	Dream at That Time is playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	It's my honor to recommend great songs to you!
Bye!	OK, goodbye!
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, it's playing for you. Please enjoy it.
[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend another song Floral Sea to you. This song is a song full of island style. It's a song full of island style. It has a soothing power. You can try it.	[2] You're welcome. This Heaven & Earth is also good. It's grand and boundless. It's a thousand year sigh from the river carrying the long history of China.
You can listen to it. It's a nice song. It's also the episode of the TV series Don't Love Me.	OK, I recommend another song One Dream (Live) to you. It's also very good. I have to say that Kris Wu's face in the Live MV is really handsome, but there are not many shots. This song is really catchy.
Yes, it is.	Yes, the melody is great.
[3] May I play it for you now?	[3] No time like the present. Do you want to enjoy it now? I can play it for you.
I'm glad you like it. I'll recommend more good songs for you in the future.	OK, the song is playing for you. Please enjoy.
You are welcome.	You are welcome.
OK, bye!	All right. Bye!
Today is November 6th, 2018.	17 May 18
[2] You're welcome. By the way, today is Na Xie's birthday.	[2] Today is the birthday of a talented musician who has won Golden Melody Award for Best Mandarin Male Singer for two times. I guess you don't know that.
It's Jay Chou.	Ha ha, let me remind you that he is the famous Leehom Wang.
[3] Do you want to listen to his song named Gardenia? This is a song full of island style. The island style of Gardenia is very catchy.	[3] I recommend you a song The Sun Washed by Spring Rain, which is not only healing but also worthy of single circle. The song style is relaxed and lively. The main tone of the song is light and lively guitar, which playfully shows humor. This song is a rare folk song style of Leehom Wang.
Yes, it sounds good.	Yes, it's a poetic imagery beauty.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Now the chance is coming. I can play it for you.
OK, it's playing for you.	Ha ha, it's playing.
You're welcome. So long as you like it.	I'm very glad that you like it.
All right. Bye!	Okay. Goodbye.
Kris Wu.	Hello, the leading singer of this song is Kris Wu.
[2] Speaking of Kris Wu, he is the first post-90s celebrity to enter the Shanghai Madame Tussauds Wax Museum.	I'm flattered. Kris Wu is a sunshine boy and all-round idol!
[2] Since you like Kris Wu so much, I recommend you to listen to Kris Wu's Self Directed Act, which is the most representative work of his career.	He's a handsome young idol. He has also won Best Actor Award at the Tokyo International Film Festival · China Film Week. You have a good eye!
[2] He is so excellent. I recommend a song Beautiful to you. It's a love letter in Kris Wu's early years. I hope you can't miss it.	[3] Then I recommend you his Explore. It's a welfare for female fans. I believe you will like it!
This song is very emotional! You can listen to it!	Now you'll have different feelings as listening to it. This song is really catchy!
[4] Do you want me to play this song for you now?	[4] Can I play Kris Wu's Explore for you now?
Playing for you, please enjoy!	Playing for you. Please enjoy it.
Bye!	Remember to chat with me. Bye!
It's Bingbing Fan.	Cecilia Cheung, of course.
[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Cecilia Cheung, she's a rare beauty in the entertainment industry.	[2] Well, she has won the 19th Hong Kong Film Awards for Best New Actress.
Yes, and she has also won the Best Actress of the Golden Bauhinia Awards.	Besides, she has worked hard and has improved her acting skills. She has also won Most Anticipated Actress of the Chinese Film Media Award.
[3] Yes, I recommend you to see her movie Invisible Hands. It's a good movie with sincere feelings.	[3] Since you like her so much, you can see the film Failan starred by her. The director has a more profound thinking and understanding of human nature in life. The film revolves around the spiritual core of saving and being saved, unfolds the story, expounds the theme, cuts through the blinding of people with sharp blade, and gives the audience the most real touch and wake-up.
[4] Then you can see his The Bullet Vanishes. The movie is very good.	[4] OK, I'd like to recommend Nicholas Tse's The Bullet Vanishes. The perfect combination of Dongsheng Er and Zhiliang Luo is able to graft Hong Kong style elements into the period of the Republic of China, which is a lightspot.
It's a feature film.	It's an action movie with suspense and good reputation.
I believe it won't let you down.	[5] Have a good time, goodbye.
He's a Virgo.	Leslie Cheung is a Virgo.
[2] I'm flattered. Leslie Cheung is one of the Top Ten Outstanding Young Persons in Hong Kong.	[2] Leslie Cheung has won Hong Kong Film Awards for Best Actor. Do you like him?
He also won the Golden Needle Award, the highest honor in Hong Kong music circles.	Yes, Leslie Cheung has made a lot of achievements in singing, such as the Golden Melody Awards in Malaysia.
[3] Have you heard his song Be Torn with Grief? It's a love letter. You can listen to it.	[3] You can see the movie Left Right Love Destiny starred by Leslie Cheung. It's very good. It's a short film with French style, and Leslie Cheung in it is very elegant.
The director is Leslie Cheung.	Leslie Cheung is the director of this movie.
It won't let you down.	OK, this movie won't let you down.
Bye!	Goodbye. Come to me often.
Today, Guangzhou is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 21 ℃, and low 10 ℃.	It's cloudy with southeast winds in Xuzhou today. The high will be 20 ℃ and low 11 ℃.
[2] Thank you for your praise. It's a good day to eat Peanuts with Black Vinegar.	[2] You're welcome. Today is suitable for eating Poached Spice Slices of Pork.
It's a very popular hot dish.	The beef in this dish is very good. All the people who have eaten it say they love it.
[3] It's recommended that you order Poached Spice Slices of Pork at Xiangfulou Hunan Restaurant. The beef in this dish is very delicious.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	OK, bye!
Hello, Cecilia Cheung's height is 165cm.	Cecilia Cheung is 165cm tall.
[2] Do you like Cecilia Cheung? She is a popular actress with good acting skills.	[2] Ha ha, speaking of Cecilia Cheung, she has won Best Actress of the Golden Sun Movie Award.
Yes, she has won the Best Actress of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	Indeed, she is a very talented actress. She has won the Best New Actress of the Hong Kong Film Awards at the beginning.
[3] Then I recommend you to see the movie named Cecilia Cheung's Unforgetable, which tells the story of a young woman who falls in love with a fairy. You can see it.	[3] Then you can't miss her Failan. It's a very touching film. I recommend it to you.
[4] Then you can't miss Nicholas Tse's classic film "The Bare-Footed Kid". This movie is full of strong martial arts elements.	[4] Well, you can see the movie Tiramisu, which is fresh and exciting, warm and romantic and touching. It's starred by Nicholas Tse.
The director is Jeffrey Lau.	The director is Chaoxian Lin.
I'm sure you'll like it.	OK, I'm sure you'll like it.
All right. Bye!	Next time. Goodbye.
OK, playing now.	There you go.
[2] Hee hee, do you want to listen to another song of Jiong He? It's called All the Way?	[2] Yes, I'd like to recommend you a song called Self Directed Act sung by Jay. It's an R & B style song. It's a catchy song.
Then you can listen to Hope for Love sung by Jay Chou. It's a song about the courage to break through the inner world.	OK, there is another song called Floral Sea, which is full of island style. Jay Chou sings with island singing, which has a soothing power. It should be very catchy.
The song is also very good.	The song sounds also good. Jay Chou also challenges the treble in this song, and it combines British Rock Lyric with the national style.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Yes, do you want me to play this song for you?
There you go.	It's playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	Bye!
Not bad.	Not very good. I didn't do well in the exam.
Yeah, I see.	OK, I see.
I'm Lingwen Niu.	My name is Fangwen Liu.
Yeah, you're smart.	Yes, you're right.
I'm six years old.	I'm 16 years old.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	I like listening to music and watching news.
[6] Yeah. I'm going to have a rest. Bye.	[6] It's OK. Here I'm home. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
She's Taurus.	She's a Taurus.
[2] Do you like Na Xie? She is a well-known star in China.	[2] Well, Na Xie is a famous tomboy in the entertainment industry. Do you like her?
She is not only a popular star, but also a good host. She has won Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.	Yes, she is excellent. She has won the Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.
[3] Ha ha, I happen to know a good movie starred by Na Xie. I'd like to recommend it to you. It is called The Bare-Footed Kid.	[3] Yes, Na Xie's acting skills are also very good. I recommend you the movie Happy Running, which is a domestic animation for young and old. It was starred by Happy Family.
It's Mengfan He.	The director is Lijun Sun.
OK, I hope you'll like it.	All right.
Bye!	Bye.
Nicholas Tse is 175cm tall.	OK, Nicholas Tse is 175cm tall.
[2] Thank you for your praise. Speaking of Nicholas Tse, he is a well-known celebrity in the entertainment circle.	[2] Let's talk about Nicholas Tse, who is known as the star of popularity.
Yes, he is also the winner of the 15th Huading Award for Best Actor. And he has also won the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	He is also very accomplished in acting. He has won the Huading Award for Best Chinese Film Actor of the Year in 2012.
[3] You can listen to his song Beautiful. It's a good song. He sings in a gentle, delicate way.	[3] I'd like to recommend his movie Tiramisu. It's a very good movie.
The director is Tsui Hark.	The director is Chaoxian Lin. He's very good.
It won't let you down.	You're gonna love it.
All right. Bye!	OK, see ya!
Today is sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 16 ℃ and low 5 ℃.	It's sunny with northwest winds today. The high will be 13 ℃ and low - 2 ℃. Keep warm.
[2] You're welcome. It's suitable to eat Sautéed Sweet and Sour Pork Tenderloin in such weather.	[2] You're welcome. This weather is the best for Yu-Shiang Shredded Por (Sautéed with Spicy Garlic Sauce).
Yes, many people like this cold dish.	Well, this dish has a lot of carrot, which is very nutritious.
You'll love it.	Well, it's delicious.
OK, goodbye!	OK, see ya!
I'm very good recently.	It's OK. Recently I feel that I have found the right learning method, which is quite relaxed!
Yeah, I hope so.	Thank you. I'll try my best!
I don't want to talk about movies now.	I don't want to talk about movies now.
Yes, I like him very much.	Yeah, he's my idol. I really like his movies.
Yes, he is also the most reputable actor in China.	That's great! He's worthy of being my favorite star. I really adore him more!
I've heard this song. Any other recommendations?	Sorry, I'm not interested in this song!
Seems like a good name.	It sounds pretty good.
OK, I'll listen to it!	OK, I'll listen. I'm looking forward to it.
Yes, please!	OK, I can't wait!
[6] Let's stop chatting. Let's talk next time!	[6] It's really good, but I'm going to go to school.
Goodbye, I wish you a happy life!	Yeah, bye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	Hello, today is July 10th, 2018.
[2] I also know that today is Jacky Cheung's birthday.	[2] I'm flattered! Today is also the birthday of Jacky Cheung, who was born on July 10th, 1961.
You have a good taste. Jacky Cheung won the Best Supporting Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	You have a good eye. He has won The Golden Needle Award, which is the highest honor of  Top Ten Chinese Gold Songs Award and The Most Popular Asian Artist of Channel V. He's really great.
[3] Then you can see his movie The Sun Washed by Spring Rain. The theme is very beautiful. You can have a look.	[3] Since you like him so much, I recommend you his movie The Days of Being Dumb. It's a top-notch comedy.
It's Ziguang Weng.	The director is Shouliang Ke.
Yes, it's worth seeing. You won't be disappointed.	I'm sure it won't let you down.
OK, see ya!	OK, goodbye.
Xun Zhou is a Libra.	She's a Libra.
[2] Thank you. I also know that Xun Zhou has won the Best Actress Award of the Golden Horse Award.	[2] Xun Zhou is a lucky star in the Chinese film industry. She's charming and she is one of the most rare actresses in Chinese mainland.
Ha ha, she has won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actress.	You have a good eye, and Xun Zhou has won Best Actress of The Asian Film Awards. She's excellent.
[3] Have you seen her movies? I recommend you to see her movie, I hope you'll like it.	[3] Since you like her so much, I recommend you her movie called Perhaps Love, which is good. By means of flashback, narration interspersed with flashbacks and jumping narration, the interweaving of reality, past and the play in the play makes the structure of the whole film complex and full.
It's 7.3.	The score is 7.3.
It's good.	Very good.
I believe it won't let you down.	I wish you like it.
See ya!	OK, see ya!
He's a Capricorn.	He's a Capricorn.
[2] Speaking of Jay Chou, he is the Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.	[2] Speaking of Jay Chou, he's a legend.
Yes, he's also known as the king of Asia.	He's indeed a music genius and has won two MTV Asian Awards for Most Popular Artist.
[3] I'd like to recommend a song called Self Directed Act, which is a combination of rap music and Peking Opera.	[3] I'd like to recommend a song of him, Floral Sea. Jay Chou challenges the treble in this song. It combines the British style rock with the Chinese style, emitting the lingering fragrance of flowers.
Yes, the song is very good.	It's very affectionate and touching. You should check it out.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Well, I can get it on for you now. Would you like to listen?
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	I said it won't let you down.
See ya!	See ya!
Today is sunny with southwest winds. The high will be 10 ℃ and low - 4 ℃.	Today's sunny with southwest winds. The high will be 19 ℃, and low 3 ℃.
[2] It's a good day to listen to All Of Me. It's a lyric song with warm melody and clear and moving singing.	[2] That's ok. Hot and Sour Shredded Potato ius great for this kinda weather.
It's a very popular dish.	Really? Then you must have it!
[3] I recommend you to order it at Hunan Cuisine. It tastes great.	Hee hee, so long as you like it.
Bye!	All right. Bye!
It's sunny with northwest winds today. The high will be 8 ℃, and low - 4 ℃.	Chongqing today's  got light rain with variable winds. The high will be 20 ℃, and low 17 ℃. Not bad.
[2] It's a perfect day for Marinated Fish.	[2] Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil is great for this kinda weather.
Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil is the most delicious.	Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil with more chili tastes great. Every bite gives you a lingering taste.
[3] The specialty of Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil is Seafood Dumpling Restaurant.	[3] Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil at Sansheng Sanwei Tantra Sichuan Food(Longfor Paradise Walk Store) got an authentic taste. Would you like to try it there?
It's located at No. 31-4, Longfor Paradise Walk, Shimao Plaza, No. 31-4, Xingcheng Pedestrian Street, Yuhong District. The average spending is 35 yuan per person.	It's at the 5th floor, Longfor Paradise Walk, No.174 Shiyou Rd, Yuzhong District (next to the passage from Hall A to Hall C). The average spending is 59 per person. With a nice user rating of 3.9.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	I'm on it right away.
OK, see ya!	Bye. See you in the evening.
It's Cecilia Cheung.	Xiaoming Huang
[2] I also know that Xiaoming Huang won the 15th Huading Award for Best Actor.	[2] Xiaoming Huang is the Most Anticipated Actor of the Chinese Film Media Award.
Yes, he is also the Most Anticipated Actor of the Chinese Film Media Award.	Yes, he also received the Huabiao Film Awards for Excellent Actor.
[3] Have you heard the song Beautiful yet? It's very good. The whole song is full of strong classical flavor. The melody is clean and simple, and the lyrics is simple and clear. The whole song is worth listening to.	[3] Let's talk back to acting, this movie Les saisons starred by him gives you a sense of purification and enjoyment of vision, hearing and even soul.Highly recommended!
Well, it's Bingbing Fan, of course.	Well as I recommend it now, it gotta be Xiaoming Huang, of course, ha ha! In addition to him, there's also Jiang Wenli and Jacques Behan.
Indeed, it's worth seeing!	So long as you like it!
See ya!	All right. Bye.
I'm on my way to work. I've been very busy recently.	I've been so busy with work recently. I'm stressed out!
Yes, I will always support them!	Thanks for that.
I like Bosom Friend best.	Love of Houston is my favourite.
Yes, he's my idol.	I like him a lot! He's like an icon of the times.
Yeah, he was really excellent.	He's also included in the Encyclopedia Britannica. That's my idol, really amazing.
I've heard it. I'm not interested in this song.	Eh not this one, I've heard it already.
It's a very touching song.	This one seems nice.
It's really a good song. I'm looking forward to it!	Um-humm, I'll check it out.
Yes, please.	OK.
[6] It's getting late. I'm going to work. Talk to you next time.	It's better than it seems. It's really good indeed.
Yeah, bye!	All right. Bye!
I'm in a bad mood recently.	What's up?
I've been promoted recently. I am very happy.	Retired life's been pretty boring, feeling quite lonely.
Not really for movies at the moment.	Not really for movies at the moment.
Not really for movies at the moment.	Well, it turns out that Xiaoming Huang starred it, I'm a big fan of him.
Yeah, he's so excellent.	Ha ha, he's outstanding indeed.
I've listened.	I've heard this song. Change another one.
Sounds good.	Is this one also sung by Xiaoming Huang? I haven't heard of it yet.
OK, I'll check it out sometime.	OK, I'll listen to it.
Yes, please.	Sure, please.
[6] OK, I need to go now. See you next time.	Well, this song is really nice. Thank you for the recommendation.
[6] Mm-hmm. I'm going to bed. Talk to you next time.	[6] Gonna go out for morning exercises. So much for now.
See ya!	Bye!
It's Na Xie.	It's Xiaoming Huang.
[2] Thanks for your praise. I also know that he is the Most Anticipated Actor of the Chinese Film Media Award.	[2] That's a piece of cake for me. Speaking of Xiaoming Huang, he's once honored the title of "Top Ten Outstanding Youth in Shandong Province".
He's also one of the Top Ten Outstanding Youth in Shandong Province.	You know these much, you must be a fan of him!
[3] I'd like to recommend you a movie of him starred by Nicholas Tse. It's very nice.	[3] Great, so you must like his movies? He's got a film Insanity, which makes people feel hysterical and hearty afterwards. Would you like to check it out?
[4] Mm-hmm. I'll recommend one for you. It's Mi Yang's movie. I hope you like it. Do you want to see it?	[4] Well then, I'd like to recommend the movie Reset starred by her. It tells story about reversing time and space and rescuing the son. It has moved many audiences to tears.
It's a drama with action and plot.	It's action science fiction, it'll absolutely burning you up!
Well, I'm sure you'll like it.	Check it out sometime then.
OK, goodbye!	Okay, goodbye~
I'm bored.	It's been good and relaxing.
Okay. I like making friends best.	Sure, I'd love to.
My name is Fangxiang Yu.	Shanxiao Wang, you may call me Shanshan.
You're so smart.	Yep, that's smart of you!
I'm 27 years old.	I'm 50 now, not young anymore.
I like listening to music and watching news.	Watching the news, walking around.
[6] Yeah, I'm going to have a rest. Talk later.	[6] Well, gonna get back to work, so much for now, bye.
Bye!	Bye.
Today is sunny with variable winds. The high will be 21 ℃, and low 12 ℃.	Hello there, Xuzhou today's sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 21 ℃, and low 8 ℃. Nice temperature.
[2] You're welcome. Today's weather is suitable for listening to Who's the Keyman. It's a song full of the creator's thinking and confusion about love.	[2] Haha, poached spicy slices of pork is great for this kinda weather.
Yes, this dish is very delicious.	The point is that this hot dish makes me feel warm in my heart after eating it.
[3] I happen to know a restaurant that cooks poached spice slices of pork very well. You can try it.	[3] If you want, I'd recommend you go have it at Wazhidao Sichuan Cuisine, it's got pretty authentic taste.
The average spending there is 35 RMB per person. The address is No.7-2, Wazhidao Street, Yuhua District. It's very close to Fengshangcuiyuan.	The average spending is 55. The address is next to 3036 super player, 3rd floor, Tongshan Wanda, Beijing North Road, Tongshan new district. The score is 3.3, which is very high.
Okay, no problem.	Sure, I'm on it! May you enjoy your meal.
OK, goodbye!	Sure, I won't keep you any longer. Bye!
Not bad.	Not bad. Work's been rather easy.
Of course.	Yep, a lot!
I like the movie "The Pirate".	Perhaps Love is my favourite.
It must be Xun Zhou.	That'll be Jacky Cheung for sure.
Yeah, I like him very much.	Yep, he's the winner of the top Golden Needle Award of the RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards.
Yeah, he's really great.	Well, it's an immortal legend
Sorry, I'm not interested in this movie.	Thank you for your recommendation, but I'm not interested in this one.
What kind of movie is it?	What kind of movie is it?
OK, I'll check it out sometime.	Ha ha ha, I'm gonna watch it for that.
[6] Mm-hmm. I'm at the company. Talk later.	[6] So much for now, talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is September 12, 2018.	OK, my master, today is July 10, 2018!
[2] You know what? Today is Jacky Cheung's birthday!	[2] Mm-hmm, that's my pleasure. Today is Jacky Cheung's birthday. Did you know that?
He is indeed a great artist. He has won the Golden Needle Award, the highest honor in Hong Kong music circles.	Mm-hmm, he's amazing!  He's received quite a few awards!
[3] Yes, I recommend you to listen to his song All the Things You Never Knew. It's a great song! He's not only an excellent singer, but also a good singer.	[3] Well, you must be his fan too! I happen to have a song of him here. Would you like to check it out?
It's a love song about Jacky Cheung. It's very catchy!	It's Can't Fight The Feeling, it's been pretty popular these days. One done listening, you'll see that's the God of Songs. You may as well check it out!
It won't let you down.	[4] Um-hmm, shall I get it on for you now?
Yes, it's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	I've got it on for you, please enjoy it!
See ya!	OK, it's been my pleasure to be at your service. See you next time.
OK, Golden Armor is playing for you.	I got it on for you. Please enjoy.
[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend a song named All the Things You Never Knew by Leehom Wang, which is also sung by Leehom Wang. This song is full of strong classical flavor, and the melody is smooth and deep. It's very nice.	[2] No problem at all. I'd recommend Rain Falls All Night to you. This ballad turns into Chinese style in the middle of the it. Quite refreshing.
Then you must listen to Run Toward the Future, which is the theme song of the movie Heroes 2.	How about The Pirate? It's nice too. It's flamenco and hip hop style.
Very catchy.	Pretty nice, that's for sure.
[3] May I play it for you now?	[3] Shall I get it on for you?
I got it on for you. Please enjoy.	I got it on for you. Please enjoy.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Yes, it's Leehom Wang.	It's Leehom Wang.
[2] You're welcome. He's a very good singer.	[2] Speaking of Leehom Wang, he received the 3rd MTV Video Music Award, Japan for Best buzz ASIA.
He's also the Most Popular Male Singer of MTV Asian Music.	You've got great vision for that. Leehom Wang's a special existence in the entertainment circle. He's also honored as the Favourite Artist Taiwan at the MTV Asia Awards.
[3] Then you can listen to his song Chinese Zodiac. It's a classic lyric pop song composed by Leehom Wang.	[3] I'd like to recommend a song of Leehom Wang, Beautiful. It was originally a light and witty soundtrack in a movie. With the rearrangement of Leehom Wang, it has become such a work with high international recognition.
Then you can't miss this song.	Well, it's not too late now.
[4] Do you want me to play Beautiful for you now?	[4] Shall I get Beautiful for you now?
There you go.	It's on now.
OK, see ya!	Good night, see you.
Today is sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 24 ℃ and low 19 ℃.	Shijiazhuang today is cloudy, northeast wind. The high will be 4 ℃ and the low - 6 ℃. It's cold. Remember to keep warm in this cold day!
[2] It's a perfect day to have Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili.	[2] It's very cold indeed. And Duck Blooding Chili Sauce will be great for this kinda weather.
Yes, this hot dish can warm your stomach.	Well then this hot dish will be a great choice.
[3] Then you can order Duck Blooding Chili Sauce at Heihei Sichuan Cuisine.	That's great. The point is you like it!
Bye!	Ok, see ya.
It's sunny with northwest winds today. The high will be 20 ℃, and low 4 ℃.	Wuxi today is mostly cloudy with northwest winds. The high will be 19 ℃, and low 9 ℃.
[2] It's a good day to eat Peanuts with Black Vinegar.	[2] Heihei, I'm flattered. The tender song Wonderful Happiness complements quite well for this kinda weather. It's also the episode of the TV series Don't Love Me.
It's sung by Jiong He.	It's sung by Jiong He, pretty nice.
[3] Would you like to listen to it now?	[3] Shall I get Wonderful Happiness for you now?
Wonderful Happiness is playing for you.	Wonerful Happiness coming soon.
I'm glad you like it.	My pleasure! I can recommend more nice songs for you later. Feel free to come to me whenever you feel like chatting.
Bye!	Goodbye.
Today is May 17, 2018.	It's January 18, 2018
[2] Do you know today is Jay Chou's birthday?	[2] No problem at all. Today's also the birthday of your idol Jay Chou.
Yes, Jay Chou is also known as the king of Asian Pop.	Mm-hmm. He's received the Golden Horse Award for Best Original Film Song, he's amazing in singing.
[3] Yes, do you want to listen to his song The Crescent? It's a very good song, which tells about the determination of love.	[3] Um-hmm, the song of his The Pirate is pretty good. It's a dance music with the style of flamenco and hip hop.
Of course, it's very popular.	Yep, it has drawn quite a few fans.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you need me to play this song for you?
OK, playing for you.	OK, it's on now. Please enjoy.
OK, see ya!	Mm-hmm, bye.
It's April 28th.	Yep, her birthday is on October 18, 1974.
[2] Do you like Xun Zhou? She is a popular star.	[2] You must be a big fan of Xun Zhou. She's really a charming person.
Yes, she is a Libra.	Sure, Xun Zhou is a Libra.
[3] You can ask me if you want to know something about Xun Zhou. Do you want to know about her acting skills?	[3] Ha ha, of course. Well that you're a big  fan, have you checked out My Rice Noodle Shop? It's a domestic film starred by her, which is quite faithful to the original work.
It's a documentary.	It's a feature film. You may have a look.
I'm sure you'll like it.	[4] Okay, goodbye.
Today is cloudy to sunny with northeast winds. The high will be - 3 ℃ and low - 15 ℃.	Dali today's mostly cloudy with southwest winds. The high will be 17 ℃, and low 8 ℃.
[2] It's a nice day to have Sautéed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce.	[2] Poached Spice Slices of Pork is very suitable for today's kinda weather.
You'll feel warm after eating this hot dish.	The celery and Chinese cabbages complements it quite well.
[3] Then I recommend that you order Poached Spice Slices of Pork at Huihuang Sichuan Restaurant.	[3] If you wanna have that, you may go to Huihuang Sichuan Restaurant. Poached Spicy Slices of Pork there is just amazing.
It's around 59RMB.	It's 46 RMB.
It's on the fourth floor of Zhubang City Square, Qingnian Road, Kuancheng District.	It's located in Dali Shuanghe Road, west to  tourist bus station at the Dali ancient city south gate, next to Huihuang Inn (next to Tianya Post Inn)
It's 3.7.	It's got a 3.9
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	Okay, I'm on it.
Bye!	May you have a nice meal, goodbye~
She's type A.	Sure. She's type A.
[2] I'm flattered. I also know that Cecilia Cheung won the Best Actress Award of Hong Kong Film Critics Society Awards.	[2] Heihei, I mean she's a super star. How can I not know about that!
She has won the Golden Sun Movie Award for Best Actress. Her acting skills are very good.	Yep, she's outstanding. For example, in acting, she received the Most Anticipated Actor of the Chinese Film Media Award.
[3] Then I'd like to recommend you her movie, I'm Really Hurt, which is very good.	[3] It seems that you're very fond of her movies. I'd recommend Second Time Around. A quite interesting film.
It's 7.6.	It's got a 7.4, pretty high.
Yeah, I hope you like it.	Well, it's worthy of watching.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
It's Bingbing Fan.	It's Xun Zhou.
[2] Speaking of Xun Zhou, she is a popular actress in China.	[2] Heihei, do you like Xun Zhou? She's honored as best actress by the China Film Directors' Guild.
Yes, she has also won the Best Actress of the Golden Horse Award. She's really excellent.	You've got great vision for that. She received Hundred Flowers Award for Best Actress. She's great in acting.
[3] I'd like to recommend her movie, Unforgetable, to you. It's a good domestic film.	[3] Speaking of that, you may as well watch Life and Death Plunder. It's a film reflecting the life of modern urban women in China. Very worth seeing!
It's Xun Zhou.	Jun Wu and Xun Zhou.
[4] OK, I won't disturb you, goodbye!	You may share your feelings with me after watching it!
Bye!	Sure, I won't keep you then, goodbye.
Not bad.	Very good. I got a promotion.
I'm in the company now. The work is very boring.	Thank you so much. I'm on my way home.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	Not really for movies at the moment.
Yeah, I like him.	Of course, I mean he's a real artist.
Yes, he's excellent. I like him very much.	He's amazing.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I'm happy today. Don't want that one.
The name sounds interesting.	I'm very fond of the name. How's the melody?
I really want to hear it.	Kinda wanna check it out.
Sure.	Okay.
Thank you.	The melody is wonderful.
See ya!	Bye!
Of course. Hsu Chi is Aries.	She's an Aries.
[2] You're welcome. Hsu Chi is a beautiful and talented actress. She has won the Most Popular Actress of Chinese TV Drama of Huading Awards.	[2] I bet you're a big fan of Hsu Chi, such a gorgeous woman.
She's a famous actress in the entertainment circle.	And very hardworking, I mean she's a member of the jury of Cannes International Film Festival.
[3] Ha ha, I'd like to recommend you to see her movie A Perfect Day. It's a good documentary.	[3] Ha ha, by the way, have you seen her film 10 + 10? A very interesting and loving film.
It's Tsui Hark.	The directors are Xiaoxian Hou and Nianzhen Wu
Good reputation. The score is 7.	The reputation is not bad. And it's got a 7.6 in rating.
I'm sure you'll like it.	You won't be disappointed.
Bye!	Bye!
Today's sunny with northeast winds. The high will be - 3 ℃, and low - 14 ℃. Remember to take an umbrella.	Nantong today's mostly cloudy skies prepare for a light rain. East winds. The high will be 25 ℃, and low 17 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. It's a good day to listen to  Heroes of Earth. The lyrics are classical and beautiful.	[2] Haha, I'm flattered. Kung Pao Chicken is great for this kinda weather. Highly recommended!
Yeah, you'll feel warm after eating it.	Then you may try it.
Hey hey, I'm glad you like it.	[3] Kung Pao Chicken at Han's Dumpling King Restaurant is not bad.
About 44 RMB per person.	It's 11 yuan.
The address is No.26 Shida Road, Wuchang District.	It's at 374 Jialingjiang Road, Haimen town, Jiefang Road.
It's 3.5.	It's got a 4.1, quite high.
Sure, no problem.	Sure, I'm on it right away.
OK, bye!	OK, be careful on the way. Bye~
Not so good. I didn't do well in the exam.	Pretty good. And I just got my salary.
Ha ha, I'll have a nice meal first.	Yeah, I can relax myself then.
My favorite movie is A West Lake Moment.	A West Lake Moment is my favourite.
I like Aaron Kwok best.	That must be Xun Zhou.
Yes, I've always liked her.	That's for sure, Xun Zhou's such a spirited, mature and genious actor.
Ha ha, she's also a popular actress in China. I really adore her.	Yeah, her acting touched me so deeply.
I've seen this one. I don't want to see it again.	Sorry, I've seen it many times.
What kind of movie is it?	Who are the stars?
OK, I'll watch it when I have time.	All great actors! I'm so looking forward to it!
[6] OK, I'm going to have a rest. Talk later.	[6] I'll check it out sometime. Gotta go to bed now, talk later.
Bye!	Goodbye.
Good morning. I'm not happy because I didn't do well in the exam.	The pressure of recent study is kinda big.
Yeah, I will.	Um-hmm, I see.
My favorite song is All the Things You Never Knew.	Tide is my favourite.
Yes, I like him very much.	I like him so much. He's got such a high EQ.
Well, he's really excellent.	Ha ha, he's amazing!
I've heard this song. Change it.	I've heard this song.
It's a good one.	Sounds good! I don't think I've heard it
Then I'll listen.	I gotta check it out then.
Yes.	Yes, please.
[6] It's getting late. Talk to you next time.	[6] Here I am at home now, gonna get to my studies.
Uh huh.	See ya!
Hello, today is May 17, 2018.	Today is May 24, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. You know what? Today is Cecilia Cheung's birthday.	[2] Heihei,I'm flattered. And today's also Cecilia Cheung's birthday. She was born on May 24, 1980.
She's also the Best Actress of the Hong Kong Film Awards. She's really excellent.	Wow, you really got great vision for that! I mean Cecilia Cheung's got such  double charm that many women don't have.
[3] Well, I'd like to recommend a movie starred by Cecilia Cheung. It's called Cecilia Cheung: The Beast Queen. It's starred by Cecilia Cheung and Cecilia Cheung's acting is great.	[3] Hehe, you can't miss Cecilia Cheung's Fly Me to Polaris! It has touched so many people.
It's a feature film.	It's a love comedy.
It's got a 7.4.	It's got a 7, pretty good I'd say.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I believe you'll like it!
Ok, goodbye.	OK, let's catch up sometime, goodbye.
Today's weather is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 6 ℃, and low - 4 ℃.	Hello there. Dalian today's sunny with north winds. The high will be 15 ℃, and low 8 ℃. It's kinda cold today, keep warm.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili.	[2] I'm useful, huh? Let me tell you something, Lamb Kebab is great for this kinda weather.
Ha ha, a lot of people like this hot dish.	That's great! The point is that it can really warm you up!
[3] Well, today's weather is suitable for Lamb Kebab. I recommend you to order Lamb Kebab at Dongting Lake Hunan Cuisine.	[3] If you wanna have that, you may go to Pinshang Grilled Fish (Wuyi Road Store)!
The average spending there is 44 RMB per person. The address is No.26 Jinzhu West Road, Xixiangtang District. The score is 3.5.	It's 62 RMB per person. It's located in No.2 Gongjian, Haiyueyuan community, Wuyi Road, Jinzhou District (next to he Xiangu hotpot). It's got a 5, quite high!
OK, I'll make a reservation for you.	OK, I'll reserve for you right now.
OK, bye!	Have a nice meal!
Very good. I've made progress in my study.	Pretty good. Everything's been going great! Quite relaxing.
Yeah, just a little boring.	Yeah! I still need to work hard.
My favorite song is Invisible Hands.	Lonely Shadow is my favourite.
Yeah, I really like him.	Of course, he's got such a warm voice.
Yeah, he's my idol.	My idol is really excellent. I hope he could be more and more lively even with the the growing of age.
I've listened to it. I'm not interested in this song.	Eh, I'm afraid I just heard it yesterday. Another one please.
It seems like a good one.	I feel that teacher He's song must be very gentle and beautiful.
I'll try it.	Yeah, I will always support him.
Yes, please.	Yeah, please.
Good. I like it very much.	Wow, it's wonderful. What a real pleasure!
[6] I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Gotta focus on my studies for a while. See ya.
OK, see ya!	Yeah, bye!
Hello, I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	Not good.
I didn't do well in the exam.	I didn't so well in the recent exam.
The Era.	The Only Thing That Matters! It's been my favourite for quite a while.
Yes, I like him very much.	Um-hmm, I mean Leslie Cheung is a such successful singer.
That's not bad.	Yeah, that's why he's honored as icon of the times.
I've heard it. I'm not interested in this song.	I mean the name of it can't get me interested.
This one seems good.	Seems like a sad love song.
Then I'll listen.	Mm-hmm, I can check it out.
Sure.	Sure.
[6] I'm gonna go have a meal now. Talk later.	It's very nice.
See ya!	Ha ha, bye!
Good afternoon!	Hello, friend!
I've made progress in my study recently. I'm very happy.	Pressure of studies' been kinda heavy. Quite upset!
I like watching movies first. It's very relaxing.	Miracle is my favourite. I've seen it so many times!
Na Xie. She's very good at acting.	Jackie Chan, of course.
Yes, he's really amazing.	What's the matter? I mean he's got what it takes!
Yeah, yeah, I'll always support him!	Yeah, I think his movies are all great!
I've seen it.	Doesn't sounds like the type I'll like.
Sounds good! I'll go check it out sometime.	Who's the director?
I'll check it out then.	Not bad. I must not miss this one!
[6] Okay, I'm going to have a rest. Let's talk later.	[6] OK, so much for now. Talk later.
The weather in Xiamen today is cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 22 ℃ and low 14 ℃.	Today's mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 27 ℃, and low 16 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for eating poached spicy slices of pork.	[2] Who's the Keyman complements so nicely with today's kinda weather. The melody of this song is catchy, the rhythm is light and lively, and the lyrics reflect the characteristics of each famous detective.
It's Jacky Cheung.	It's Jiong He.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Shall I get  Who's the Keyman for you now?
There you go.	There you go, who's the Keyman.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
It's Cecilia Cheung.	It's Jimmy Lin.
[2] You're welcome. Do you like Jimmy Lin? He is a famous star in China.	[2] Speaking of Jimmy Lin, he wins the Huading award for the best actor in the idol inspirational category.
You have a good taste. Jimmy Lin won the 8th Huading Award for the Best Actor in Idol Dramas.	Not only that, he's also an all-round artist, who won the title of Chinese Youth Leader in 2014.
[3] I'd like to recommend one of his songs to you. I'm sure you'll like it.	[3] That's just right. I'd recommend the film Grandpa's Love, starred by him. It's very natural and sincere. A real tear jerker!
Not bad.	Not bad.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Really worth watching.
Bye!	Sure, let's catch up next time.
Ordinary Heart is playing for you.	Sure, there you go, Ordinary Heart.
[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend another song of Leehom Wang, Self Directed Act, which is an R & B style song.	[2] You're so welcome. Would you like listening to Heartburn by Jiang He? A very nice song that you'll never get tired of!
OK, listen to Jiong He's Run. It's a very positive song.	How about Hope for Love? A very nice one. And it's the theme song of the public welfare activity I Desire to Go to School.
Yeah, you're gonna love it.	Yep, you may check it out.
[3] Do you want me to play it now?	[3] May I play this song for you?
There you go, Hope for Love.	It's on now.
Okay, bye.	I'm glad you like it, goodbye!
Today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	Today's sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 2 ℃, and low - 4 ℃. Remember to keep warm.
[2] I recommend you to eat Marinated Fish. It's a good choice.	[2] You're so welcome. Lamb Kebab complements so nicely with this kinda weather. I mean it's amazing.
This hot dish is very popular.	The point is that this hot dish can really warm your stomach.
I'm glad you like it.	[3] Then I'd recommend [Marinated Fish (Wuyi Road store)]. Pretty nice. You may check it out!
The price per capita is about 48. It's not expensive.	It's around 62 RMB, with a review of 5 point.
It's on the fourth floor of Wuyi Road, Wuyi district.	No.2 public building, Hai Yue Yuan community, Wuyi Road, Jinzhou District (next to he Xiangu Hotpot)
Sure, no problem.	Sure, I'm on it right away.
See ya!	See ya!
It will turn from sunny to cloudy with northeast wind today. The maximum temperature will be 14℃ and the minimum temperature will be 2℃.	Today's mostly cloudy with variable winds. The high will be 26 ℃, and low 19 ℃. The temperature difference is kinda big.
[2] Thank you. This kind of weather is suitable for eating Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] Heihei, Chicken Wings in Cola complements so nicely with this kinda weather. You can think about it.
Yes, this cold dish is very delicious.	The point is that Chicken Wings in Cola won't get you fat, and it's nutritious.
[3] I recommend you to order Chicken Wings in Cola at Yuweitang Flavour Sichuan Cuisine.	Yes, you must try it. I'm sure you'll like it
All right. Bye!	Okay. Bye.
OK, Tough Pill is playing for you.	There you go.
[2] No problem. You're welcome. Would you like to listen to There Is a Place? The song is also the theme song of the public welfare activity I Want To Go To School.	[2] Not a problem at all. By the way, There's a place by Kris Wu is a song about memories. Would you like to check it out??
I don't want to listen to music right now.	Sure, how about this one, From Now On? With Kris Wu's crooning singing. I believe you'll like this affectionate and touching song.
[3] Do you need me to play it for you now?	Yep, this song'll never let you down.
[3] May I play it for you now?	[3] Shall I get it on for you now?
There you go.	OK, there you go.
Yeah, I'm gonna love it.	Yes, Kris Wu's song will never let you down.
OK, see ya!	Okay, bye. Looking forward for our next chat.
Very good. I did well in the exam.	How do you do. The pressure of recent study's been kinda big. It made me so uncomfortable.
I know. I will.	Yeah, I will.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Xuanchao Ji.
Yeah, you're smart.	Wow, you even know that. You're so good!
I'm nine years old.	Five and a half now.
I like watching anime and listening to children's songs.	I like to listen to children's songs.
[6] I'm going to eat, goodbye.	[6] I'm gonna go to bed now. Let's talk tomorrow.
Bye!	Bye!
His birthday is August 26.	Yep. His birthday is on August 29th
[2] You know what? I also know that he has won the Best Actor of Hong Kong Film Awards twice.	[2] Thanks for that. I mean he wins the RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards for Most Popular Male Singer. He's so famous, I must know that.
He is also the Most Anticipated Actor of the Chinese Film Media Award.	You really got great vision. Nicholas Tse not only sings well, but also acts well. He's got the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.
[3] Well, I'd like to recommend his movie The Viral Factor. It's a very good movie.	[3] Speaking of acting skills, The Viral Factor starred by him is nice. The play is wonderful and the music is good. I recommend it to you,
There are also Nathan Scott Lee and Jacky Cheung.	Jay Chou and Lin Peng, all superstars.
OK, it's worth seeing	OK, you'll like it.
All right. Bye!	Yeah, bye!
On the way home.	I'm at the company now. Just had a rest.
It's not very good. The work is very boring.	Not much work. Boring.
Invisible Hands.	I like You're My Love.
I like Leehom Wang very much.	Yep, he's a pop idol.
Yes, he's really excellent.	Of course I do.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I've heard this song. Are there any other songs?
Sounds good.	Not yet, is this song good?
Then I'll listen to it.	Well, I gotta check it out then.
Sure.	Yes, please.
That sounds good.	OK.
Bye!	Yeah, bye!
It's November 6th.	It's on October 18, 1974.
[2] You're welcome. Xun Zhou has won the Best Actress of the Golden Rooster Award. Do you like her?	[2] Let's talk about Xun Zhou. She's a great actress. She's honored as the best actress by China Film Directors Association.
She also won the Best Actress of the Golden Bauhinia Awards.	Yeah, maybe that's why she's won all kinds of awards for best actress.
[3] Have you seen her movie Secret? It's a good thriller with a good reputation.	[3] That's just right. I'd like to recommend The Equation of Love & Death. In this film, Xun Zhou has devoted her passion and sincerity, bringing the audience into the situation of "love till you die", and generating people's deep feeling about the city, love and gain and loss.
The director is Ho-cheung Pang.	It's Baoping Cao
I'm sure you'll like it.	Believe me. You'll like it.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
It's Cecilia Cheung.	Sure, it's the super famous Cecilia Cheung.
[2] Ha ha, I'm flattered. Cecilia Cheung is a beautiful actress.	[2] There's no such thing that I didn't know you know. And she's a mixed race beauty in the entertainment circle. Are you a fan of her?
Well, you have a good taste. She won the Golden Bauhinia Award for Best Actress and the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress.	She's got quite a few fans you know, and she really got what it takes. She received the award for Best Actress of the Hong Kong Film Critics Society
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend you a movie starred by her. It's called The Bare-Footed Kid. It's very touching.	[3] Would you like to check out One Night in Mongkok starred by your goddess? It’s got the wonderful scene that the novice accidentally killed the tenant, the violent noise turned into silence in an instant, highlighting a strong sense of suddenness and shock, not to mention the appealing pictures and sound effects. It’s just so worth watching.
Yes, it's a feature film.	It's a love action feature movie.
You'll definitely like it.	Heihei, it's great that you like it.
All right. Bye!	Bye!
Yes, I did well in the exam.	Yep, I mean I've made quite a few progress in my recent study.
Of course, I mean I will always strive for excellence in my study	Yep, I mean I've been working rather hard these days, just get to listen to some music in my spare time.
I don't want to listen to it now.	I don't want to listen to music now.
Well, I like him very much.	Great! I mean Jay Chou's my favorite star!
He's really excellent. He's an all-round artist.	Yep, I mean he works so hard and is great in singing. That's why he's that popular!
I've seen this movie. I don't want to see it now.	I've seen it. It's a good one.
Who directed the film?	What type of movie is it?
Sounds very good. I'm going to check it out then.	OK, I'm gonna go check it out!
All right. Bye!	Talk next time then. Bye.
Good afternoon!	Good evening!
I'm very happy. I've been promoted recently.	It's OK, just retirement life is kinda boring.
Yes, I do.	Not really for music right now.
I'm not interested in music.	That's fierce! No wonder he's called "godfather of music"!
That's right. His songs are really good.	Yeah, that's why I like him! He's really great!
Sorry, I'm not interested in it.	I've seen it before, not any more.
That sounds good.	Who else play the leading roles?
It's really worth seeing! I'm gonna love it.	The cast is super. I'm gonna go check it out!
Bye!	OK, goodbye!
Not bad.	Hello, not so good you know, I've been falling backward in my studies.
I see. Thank you.	Um-hmm, I'll try.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Pingfei Zheng.
Yeah, you're smart.	That's so smart of you! You got me! I'm a female right.
I'm 20 years old.	I'm 20 now.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	I like following the famous people you know.
[6] Well, I'm going to bed. Talk to you next time.	Mm-hmm, all great ways!
[6] Thank you. I'm going to bed, goodbye.	[6] So nice talking with ya. Gotta get back to my stuides now. See you.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is May 6, 2018.	Today is April 16, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Jiong He's birthday.	[2] You're so welcome. Today's also Hsu Chi's birthday.
Hsu Chi has won the Most Popular Actress of the Magnolia Award of Shanghai TV Festival.	O really? I mean she's a famous movie star in Taiwan and has won the The Shanghai Film Critics Association Awards for Best Actress.
[3] Since you like her so much, I recommend you a movie starred by her. It's called The Impossible Task. In the movie, Levin  Chi is not only the leading role, but also the winner of the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress.	[3] Would you like to check out Levin starred by her? It's wonderful. Highly recommended!
It's 7.6.	It's as high as 8.
I'm sure you'll like it.	It won't let you down!
All right. Bye!	Sure thing, mind yourself on the way!
Today is October 18, 2018.	It's May 24, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is Cecilia Cheung's birthday.	[2] You're so welcome. You know what? Today's also Cecilia Cheung's birthday.
Mm-hmm, she's a beautiful actress. And she has won the Golden Bauhinia Award for Most Popular Actress.	You got good vision for that! I mean she received the Golden Sun Film Award for Best Actress. The audience all likes her so much.
[3] Well, Cecilia Cheung's acting skills are really good. I recommend you a movie, One Night in Mongkok starred by Cecilia Cheung, which is a very touching movie.	[3] Well that you're a big fan, I'd recommend One Night in Mongkok, it's got a novel theme and fluent narrative, a nice one!
[4] Yes, would you like to see his Hot Summer Days? It's very good!	[4] I happen to know this one, Hot Summer Days,  starred by  Nicholas Tse, which is also great. It makes people crave for love relationship.
The director is Tsui Hark.	Wing Shya and Tony Chan.
Not bad.	Not bad.
OK, I'm sure you'll like it.	May you like it.
Bye!	See ya!
Good evening.	Good evening. Life is just so boring. Not interesting at all!
Yeah, learning is boring. You should try something else.	Got it! Thanks! I'll adjust myself well.
My name is Pinglu Liu.	My name is Liqian sun.
I'm a lady.	Female, of course.
I'm 26 years old.	51 already!
I like watching movies and listening to music.	Listening to music and watching movies, nothing more I guess.
[6] Ha ha, I have something else to do.Goodbye.	[6] You're right, I will! So much for now I'm afraid.  Got something at hand now. See you next time!
Bye!	Bye!
It's 6 p.m.	It's seven o'clock sharp in the morning
[2] Hei hei, I also know that today is sunny with southwest winds. The high will be 19 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	[2] I also know that Lanzhou today's got light snow, that'll turn cloudy, variable winds. The high will be 3℃, the low will be -5℃.
Thank you for that.	Thank you for that.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
It's seven o'clock in the morning.	It's 6 p.m
[2] Hey hey, it's sunny with northwest winds today. The high will be 20 ℃ and low 4 ℃.	[2] Hee hee, a little reminder for you. Nantong today's got light rain, which will turn to be steady. Northwest winds. The high will be 18 ℃, and low 13 ℃.
It's OK. Pay attention to the high temperature.	Mm-hmm.
See ya!	OK, see ya!
I'm staying at home.	Nothing much. Here I am at school now.
Yes, I did well in the exam.	You even know that! Good for you!
My name is Xiaoxiang Guo.	My name is Yu Wang.
Yep	Yeah, you're great!
I'm eight years old.	I'm eight now.
I like small animals, watching animation and singing children's songs.	I like small animals and children's songs.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6]I have to study.Goodbye.
Yes, it's Leslie Cheung.	Sure, it must be the super famous Bo Huang!
[2] Thank you for your praise. I also know that Bo Huang is the Best Actor of the Hundred Flowers Awards.	[2] Thank you. Bo Huang is the super popular star at the moment. I mean how could I not know that!
Mm-hmm, Bo Huang's acting skills are really good, and he won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actor.	Ha ha, Bo Huang is not just funny. He's very good at acting. He's got the China Film Society Of Performing Art Award.
[3] Well, I'd like to recommend you a movie called "Chivalry". It's very good and worth watching.	[3] Have you ever seen the movie Lost In Thailand starred by him?  He's got wonderful acting skills in it! And the plot is just hilarious. I mean you can laugh to tears whenever you watch it!
It's a comedy with a good reputation!	Yep, you'll love it!
OK, I'm sure you'll like it.	[4] Great! May you enjoy it! Goodbye.
Hello, I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	How do you do. Pressure of recent studeis is kinda heavy for me.
Thank you for your encouragement.	I'll pay more attention in class!
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Xiaoqian Hu.
I'm a girl.	I'm a girl!
I'm seven years old.	I'm 8 years old.
I like small animals, animation and children's songs.	I like small animals, animation and children's songs!
[6] Hey hey. I'm getting home, bye!	Ha ha, thank you.
See ya!	OK, bye.
Recently, my study has regressed. I feel depressed.	I've got a full schedule, but I was too tired for attending my grandchildren you know.
Yes.	Well, that's not wrong.
Not really for movie at the moment	Don't really wanna talk about movies.
Yeah, I like him very much.	Wow, great! Are there any other honors he's got?
Wow, it's amazing. He's my idol.	He's just so remarkable. He's a superstar who has been super popular for 20 years and is still popular.
I've heard it. I'm not interested in this song.	Not this one.
It's my favorite song. I can't wait to hear it!	I heard that when I was young.
Yes.	Yeah, scenes of the past just came all over again.
Yes.	Sure.
[6] OK, I'm gonna go wash up. Talk to you later.	[6] OK, so much for now, gotta go out now.
Bye!	See ya!
Good evening.	Good evening.
Good. I've made progress in my study. I'm happy.	Super happy! I just got promoted.
My name is Xiaoling Li.	My name is Xuannan Ma.
I'm a girl.	Male.
I'm 26 years old.	27 already!
I like watching movies and listening to music.	Watching movies and listening to music.
[6] OK, I'm going to sleep. Talk to you next time.	[6] Mm-hmm. Gonna go have a rest now. Talk next time!
Bye!	All right. Bye!
Good evening.	Ha ha, hello.
No, not really.	Heihei, just had.
My name is Yu Wang.	My first name is Pinglu, Liu is my last name.
Yeah, you're smart.	It's a grandmother, heihei.
I'm 55 years old.	I'm 65 already.
Just look at movies and listen to music.	After retirement, I like listening to music and watching news.
I like Kris Wu best.	That must be the news of Jiong He!
Bye!	OK, goodbye!
Yes, now playing The Years Flow Like Water.	It's on already. Please enjoy it.
[2] You're welcome. The melody of this song is catchy. Do you want to listen to it?	[2] You're so welcome. Here's another song of Leslie Cheung, Begone Love. It's also one of his unforgettable songs.
How about The Years Flow Like Water? It's also one of Leslie Cheung's representative Cantonese songs.	Well, have you ever heard Piano in the Attic?  Also a nice one, and the first to get the Chinese Pop Music Media Award.
Good. It's also one of the songs of Jiong He.	Super! And it's very popular!
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] How about getting Piano in the Attic for you now?
It's on already. Please enjoy it.	There you go. I believe you'll like it.
OK, see ya!	Mm-hmm, I won't keep you then. Bye!
Good afternoon!	Hi.
Study pressure is kinda heavy recently.	Pretty good. Just got promoted!
Love Letter.	The One and Only
Yes, he is my idol.	Yeah, he's my favorite star!
Yeah, he's also the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart.	He's only great in singing, but also in acting, it's also very good. And he's the winner of the Hong Kong Film Awards for the best new actor.
I've heard it.	Not really for music at the moment.
Sounds good.	Seems nice, this one.
I really want to listen to it.	That should be good. I'll go check it out.
Yes.	Sure.
It's really good. I like it.	It's really nice. Thank you for that.
Bye!	Bye!
It's Xun Zhou.	It's Nicholas Tse.
[2] Hehe, I also know that he is the Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.	[2] Speaking of Nicholas Tse, he is a handsome Asian idol with excellent acting skills. He won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Supporting Actor.
He is also one of the top ten outstanding young people in Hong Kong.	As a charming star, he has a lot of fans!
[3] I recommend you his movie " Time and Tide " starred by him. It's a very good movie. I hope you like it.	[3] I just want to recommend you his Time and Tide. You will like him more! The reversing scene is particularly wonderful!
The director is Jeffrey Lau.	It's Xu Ke, Director Xu!
You'll like it!	Remember to share your thoughts with me after watching it!
See ya!	Mm-hmm, good night, goodbye!
Today is April 28, 2018.	It's 17th May, 2018.
[2] Today is the birthday of Jiong He.	[2] Since you pay so much attention to him, do you like him? And do you know today is his birthday?
Ha ha, thank you for your praise. You are so smart.	Your idol is a super singer.
[3] Would you like to listen to his song Deserve? This song is full of pictures, and the parting scene is vividly displayed.	[3] The Sun Washed by Spring Rain is a rare folk song of Leehom Wang, which is a light and lively guitar song in a humorous style.
Yes, it's a very positive song.	Yeah, a song you'll love.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want to play it?
OK, it's playing.	OK, it's on.
Bye!	Then I won't disturb you. Come to me when you have time, goodbye.
It's Cecilia Cheung.	It's Nicholas Tse.
[2] Thank you for your compliment. Nicholas Tse is the king of comedy.	[2] Thank you for your compliment. Nicholas Tse is also known as a handsome Asian idol.
Yes, and he has won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Supporting Actor.	Yes, with his efforts, he won the Golden Horse Award for Best Actor.
[3] I'd like to recommend a movie starred by Nicholas Tse. It's very good. It's called The Bare-Footed Kid.	[3] In this case, you can see Metade Fumaca starring Nicholas Tse. It is an excellent work. The structure of the film is exquisite. Based on the unintentional intersection of several people with different identities and personalities, it tells various love stories which share one same ending in a seemingly flat tone.
[4] Then you can see her movie, Running On Karma. It's a very good domestic film.	[4] Do you want to watch Running On Karma starring Cecilia Cheung? Qifeng Du and Jiahui Wei make a new attempt to synthesize original elements.
The score is 7.4.	The score is 6.4, very good.
You're going to love it.	I'm sure it won't let you down.
OK, see ya!	OK, goodbye!
Today is cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 20 ℃ and low 10 ℃.	Hello, Changchun today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be - 9 ℃, and low - 22 ℃. The temperature is low, please keep warm when you go out~
[2] It's a good day to listen to Time Boils The Rain. It's a song with classical flavor.	[2] Thanks for the compliment, and it's a nice day to have Marinated Fish.
Yes, this hot dish warms your body. And you'll feel warm after eating it.	Yes, the crispy and tender Marinated Fish will definitely make you feel very warm in this cold winter.
[3] You can order Marinated Fish at Country Love Dumpling Restaurant.	Then you have to try it when you're free.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
I'm counting money at home.	I'm on the way to school.
Yes, I've been studying very easily recently.	Well, I've lagged behing a bit.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	Jiaofei Zhang.
Yes.	You're so smart. You guessed it.
I'm only six years old.	I'm eight now.
I like small animals and listening to children's songs.	Yes, I like to play with animals and watch animations.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6] I won't tell you. I'll go to school.
Good afternoon!	Hello
Not bad. It's easy	Very good, I did a good job.
Bosom Friend.	I like Impossible to Miss You best.
Yes, I like Leehom Wang very much.	Ha ha, I really like him.
Yes, he is excellent.	Yes, his songs are really good.
I've heard this song before.	Sorry, I don't feel like listening to it for now.
Sounds like a simple song.	Strange. I want to hear it. I haven't heard it yet.
[5] Well, I'll listen to it when I have time.	Let me listen to it.
Yes, please.	Ok.
[6] I'm home. Talk later.	It's not a simple song. It's not bad.
[6] I'm going to dinner. Talk to you later.	[6] I have something else to do. Talk to you next time.
Bye!	Bye!
He is 176cm tall.	He is 176cm tall.
[2] Thank you. Speaking of Jacky Cheung, he is the God of songs in Hong Kong. Do you like him?	[2] Thank you. Jacky Cheung is a popular singer in Hong Kong. Of course I know him.
You have a good taste. He has won the Best Actor of Golden Horse Award. He is really excellent. He has also won the Best Supporting Actor of the Chinese Film Media Awards.	You have a good taste. He won the Best Actor of Hong Kong Film Awards.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Side Face to you. It's a very good song. It's a very affectionate song.	[3] Have you seen his Bullet in the Head? In addition to the big scenes of war and riots, the film also has its own slow motion gun fight.
It's good.	It's good.
It won't let you down.	You'll like it. Don't worry!
Bye!	Well, goodbye!
Good afternoon!	Hi, Hello!
It's good! I've made progress.	It's easy to study.
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	My name is Fengxiang Jin.
I'm a boy.	I'm definitely a boy!
I'm six years old.	I'm 30!
I like listening to music and watching news.	I like following news of stars, watching movies and the news. These hobbies bring a lot of fun to my life!
[6] Yeah, I'm going to school. Let's talk next time!	[6] Well, I'm going to have a rest! I'll talk to you later.
I'm very good recently.	Good afternoon. Not bad.
Yes, I've been very busy recently.	Haha, fortunately, I've been rather relaxed in my study recently. I can watch movies if I have nothing to do.
I like to watch the movies named Ip Man 2.	I like Ip Man 2 best.
It's Andy Lau.	Well, I like Xiaoming Huang best.
Yeah, he's an excellent actor.	It's great that he won the award.
He's really excellent.	He's worthy of being my idol. He's excellent in all aspects.
I've seen this one. Change it.	I don't want to see it for the moment.
Who is the director?	Who are the stars in the film?
Then I can have a look.	The cast is very strong. What's the reputation?
OK, I'll see it sometime.	Wow, I'd love to see it!
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Well, it's nice chatting with you. Now I'm in a hurry to go home to see this film.
OK, bye.	Goodbye.
Today is cloudy with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 17℃ and the minimum temperature will be 5℃.	Today is cloudy with eastern winds. The high will be 23 ℃ and low 15 ℃.
[2] Today's weather is perfect for eating Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] Do you need me to recommend something to eat under this temperature?
You're welcome. I recommend you to go to Yuweitang Flavour Sichuan Cuisine.	How about Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce?
Yes, this dish is very delicious.	[3] Shengtang Fish & Bullfrog No.1 Restaurant has good reviews.
47 yuan.	Fifty yuan per person.
It's at No.31 Shida Road, Hanjiang District (near the intersection of Shida Road and Yatai Street).	It is in No.18 Qinyuanchun Shop 3 at Tianyi Street, Huishan District (formerly Tangding Marinated Fish).
It's 3.9.	It's got a 4.1.
OK, I've made a reservation for you.	[4] Then have a good meal, goodbye.
Hello, the lead singer of this song is Jay Chou.	Good afternoon. The lead singer of How Are You is Jay Chou.
[2] You're welcome. Jay Chou is a superstar in Taiwan. He is also one of the Top Ten Outstanding Young Persons of the world.	[2] You're welcome. Jay Chou won four Singapore Hit Awards for Most Popular Male Singer. Do you like him?
He is a very talented musician. He has also won the Golden Melody Award for Best Mandarin Male Singer.	He also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Original Film Song. The box office of his Sydney concert in 2009 ranked second on the Billboard.
[3] I'd like to recommend to you a song of his, The Crescent. It's a very beautiful song. I hope you like it.	[3] Don't miss the songs of your idol. Snake Dance, as an excellent work of Jay Chou, is very good to listen to. The whole song combines Egyptian and Middle Eastern folk music with hip-hop, and creates a unique and charming duet song with attractive voices. I recommend it to you.
Yes, Jay Chou sings it with his unique voice and exquisite singing skills. It's very catchy.	Jay Chou.
[4] Can I play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you?
Playing Snake Dance for you.	Now Snake Dance is playing for you.
Bye!	Bye!
Good afternoon!	Hello.
Yes, I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	I didn't do well in the exam.
I don't want to listen to music now.	But I don't want to listen to music now.
Leslie is my idol forever.	He is a star I like very much and I miss him after his death.
He is a model of a good man.	Yes, it's a pity. He is a model of a good man.
I've seen it.	I've seen this. I don't want to see it now.
Who is the director?	Who is his director?
How's the review?	Mm-hmm. OK, I'll go and have a look when I have time.
See ya!	Bye!
Not bad.	I didn't have a very happy day.
I didn't do well in the exam.	Recently, I haven't studied hard. I've lagged behind. My teacher criticized me just now.
My name is Shuaiyu Cai.	My name is Jixuan Chao.
Yes.	Yes.
I'm six years old.	I'm five years old.
I like small animals and listening to children's songs.	I usually like watching anime.
[6] Hey hey. I'm getting home, bye!	[6] Hey, hey. I'm going to bed, goodbye.
OK, bye.	Mm-hmm. See you next time, goodbye.
Today is May 17, 2018.	Today is November 6th, 2018
[2] Today is also Kris Wu's birthday.	[2] Do you know that today is also Kris Wu's birthday?
You have a good taste. He has won the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony in 2015.	Kris Wu was selected as the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony.
[3] If you like him so much, you can't miss his Deserve, a song full of the creator's thinking and confusion about love.	[3] Would you like to listen to Kris Wu's latest single Big Bowl Thick Noodles? The song contains strong Chinese elements. The melody and lyrics combine the eastern and western music, and convey the fearlessness of the singer in the way of rap.
Yes, it's very popular.	It feels like that a lot of people like it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you need me to play Big Bowl Thick Noodles for you?
Playing for you, please enjoy.	[5] Let the wonderful song accompany you home, goodbye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	Today is July 10th, 2018.
[2] You know what? Today is Jacky Cheung's birthday.	[2] Today is Jacky Cheung's birthday.
You have a good taste. He's a great artist. He has won the Golden Needle Award, the highest honor in Hong Kong music circles.	Yes, his influence is not only reflected in Hong Kong, but also in the world. He also won the Best Selling Chinese Singer of World Music Awards.
[3] Jacky Cheung's songs are really good. I recommend his song Rain to you. It's very catchy.	[3] In fact, Jacky Cheung is not only good at singing, but also good at acting. Many of his films are classic. The Enigma of Love starred by him is recommended to you. It's quite good, much better than the current love movies.
Good reputation, you'll like it.	It's good.
I'm sure you'll like it.	OK, have a good time.
Bye!	Bye!
It's 6 p.m.	It's 8:00 p.m. on November 19, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, today in Changchun it will turn from cloudy to sunny with southeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 14 ℃ and the minimum temperature will be 4 ℃. Remember to take an umbrella when you go out.	[2] Ha ha, I'm your smart friend! Fuzhou today turns from overcast to cloudy with east winds. The high will be 19 ℃ and low 15 ℃.
No worries.	Yes, take care of yourself!
Bye!	Bye!
It's Jay Chou.	Hello, It is Leslie Cheung.
[2] Thank you. Leslie Cheung is a famous singer in Hong Kong. He has won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.	[2] Hey, hey, thank you. I also know that he was shortlisted for the Best Actor of Golden Horse Awards for five times and nominated for the Best Actor of Hong Kong Film Awards for eight times.
Yes, he is not only good at singing, but also very good at acting. He has won the Outstanding Chinese Actor Award of the Golden Horse Awards.	Yes, and he was chosen as one of the CNN Top 20 Global Music Icons.
[3] Yes, he is also the first Chinese singer to enter the Top Ten Outstanding Youth in South Korea.	[3] Silence is Gold, as a representative work of Leslie Cheung, is a famous Cantonese song which is very popular. This song is composed by Leslie Cheung. It's a combination of classical music and pop music. There was no such song before and the Guzheng performance is also spectacular. I recommend it to you.
Yes, you are so smart.	Yes, and Cantonese version is more artistic.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want to play Silence is Gold?
Playing Silence is Gold.	This song is playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	Talk later, bye!
Today is January 18, 2018.	Today is May 17, 2018.
[2] Thank you. By the way, today is Leehom Wang's birthday.	[2] You know what, it's also Leehom Wang's birthday.
He is also one of the top ten most influential people in Asia by CNN.	He not only sings well, but also cares for the elders in his family.
[3] His song Hold Me Down is also very good. Leehom Wang wrote a very good song. I recommend it to you.	[3] Here is a song, you can try to listen to Bridge of Faith, which is a good ending song.
Yes, it's a very positive song.	Not only the name, the song is also nice to hear.
[4] Do you want me to play this song for you now?	[4] Do you need me to play it now?
It's playing for you.	It's on.
As long as you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
OK, see ya!	OK, see you next time, goodbye.
It's 12:00 at noon.	It's six o'clock sharp in the afternoon.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, it's cloudy with northeast winds today. The high will be 16 ℃, and low 7 ℃.	[2] You're welcome. Today has light rain with northern winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 8 ℃.
I will always be your sweetest baby.	I'm happy to help.
Thank you.	Thank you.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Today is January 18, 2018.	Today is April 16, 2018.
[2] Thank you. Do you know today is Jiong He's birthday?	[2] Today is Hsu Chi's birthday!
Hsu Chi has won the Golden Horse Award for Best Supporting Actress. She is excellent.	She was the Best Actress of Huabiao Film Awards. Since you like her, you must also like her films.
[3] Yes, I recommend you to see her movie The Bare-Footed Kid. It's very funny.	[3] Then I recommend her movie Three Times. Love is a luxury in any era. I hope you like this movie!
The director of the film is Chi-Leung Law.	The director of this movie is Xiaoxian Hou!
Hope you like it!	Enjoy the film!
Bye!	Bye!
Hello, it's twelve o'clock at noon.	It's 12 o'clock at noon.
[2] Hehe, remind you that the weather in Changsha today is cloudy with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 20℃ and the minimum temperature will be 12℃.	[2] Recently, it has been a little cold. Today is sunny with northeast winds. The high will be - 13 ℃, and low - 18 ℃. Keep warm.
It what I should do.	It what I should do.
Bye!	Bye!
Hello, I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	Hello, I've been paid recently. I'm so happy.
Of course.	Yes, I'll have a good meal first.
My name is Qizhen Ji.	My name is Xinlu Jin.
I'm a lady.	I'm a woman, of course.
I'm 40.	I'm 26.
I like listening to music and watching news.	I like watching movies and following news of stars.
[6] Well, I'm going to have a rest. Bye.	[6] Hey hey. I'm getting home, bye!
Hello!	What's up?
I'm very good recently. I did well in the exam.	It's OK. Life is happy and study is easy.
My name is Xiaoshan Wang.	My name is Fanming Ji.
You're so smart.	Yes, you guessed it.
I'm six years old.	I heven't turned 18 yet.
I like watching movies and news.	I like following stars and listening to music.
Bye!	OK, goodbye.
Good evening.	Good evening!
I've made progress in my study recently. I'm very happy.	Recently, it has been easy to study. I'm happy.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Lixia Yang.
Yes.	Yeah, hee hee.
I'm 28 years old.	27 years old.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	I like watching movies and listening to music.
Well, I like the movie named The Usual Place.	Well, I love Dearest.
[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.
He's Capricorn.	I know, Jay Chou is a Capricorn.
[2] Speaking of Jay Chou, he is an international superstar, known as the king of Asian music.	[2] Speaking of Jay Chou, he is a popular idol singer, a symbol of the times.
And he has won many awards, such as Best Original Film Song, Best Newcomer Award, and Best Newcomer Award at Tokyo International Film Festival.	The box office of his Sydney concert in 2009 ranked second on the Billboard. He was selected as one of Asia's 25 Most Influential Characters by CNN and he won 15 Golden Melody Awards.
[3] I recommend his song Rain to you. It's very nice. A little sad, but pretty good.	[3] Have you ever heard Free Tutorial Video? It's sung by Jay Chou. It's obviously an imaginative song including various cute little things.
Then you can't miss it.	Then you must not miss it. It's a lovely song.
[4] Can I play it for you now?	[4] I can play it for you now. Do you want to hear it?
OK, playing for you.	It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
All right. Bye!	All right. Bye!
Today is September 12, 2018.	October 23, 2018
[2] Today is Xun Zhou's birthday.	[2] Thank you. I'd like to remind you that today is cloudy with northern winds. The high will be 22 ℃ and low 13 ℃.
My pleasure.	Keep warm.
Bye!	Okay, bye.
Of course. It's Jacky Cheung.	It's Jacky Cheung.
[2] You're flattering me. Jacky Cheung is one of the Ten Outstanding Young Persons of Hong Kong.	[2] Speaking of Jacky Cheung, he was the Best Supporting Actor of the 27th Taiwan Golden Horse Awards.
Yes, he has also won the Best Supporting Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	Yes, he was one of the Top Ten Outstanding Young Persons in both Hong Kong and the world.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his Deserve, which is a lyrical song. The lyrics are representative of the times. Jacky Cheung successfully performed this song with his mellow voice.	[3] Yes, The Crescent is recommended to you. Even in the 1980s, when there were many good Cantonese songs, it was a masterpiece handed down from generation to generation.
Yes, you'll like it.	Yes, it sounds good.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Would you like to play it for you now?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	OK, it's playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	Bye!
It's Jiong He.	It's the national idol, Jiong He.
[2] Thank you for your praise. He's really a good host. He has won the 25th Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.	[2] Hehe, he's an ageless idol in the entertainment industry. He's very popular.
Yes, he's really good at acting. He also won the Best Entertainment Show Host of New Weekly.	Mm-hmm. He was one of the Top Ten TV Hosts of Internet Influence of the third China Internet Film Festival.
[3] I recommend you to listen to the song Where Are You Now. It's very good. It's a song about memories.	[3] Yeah, he's really great. His song It's Enough" is a little cute. The chorus is really sweet.
It's a very popular song.	It's great. A lot of people are listening to it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you need me to play this song for you?
It's playing for you.	OK, well, it's playing.
All right. Bye!	OK, goodbye.
Hello, today's weather is sunny with northwest wind. The maximum temperature will be 22 ℃ and the minimum temperature will be 15 ℃.	Baoding today is coudy with southern winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low - 1 ℃. The temperature is a little low, please keep warm.
[2] I'm flattered. This kind of weather is suitable for eating Marinated Fish.	[2] You're welcome. It's a nice day to have Sautéed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce.
Great. Pork tenderloin is delicious.	The pork tenderloin in it is delicious.
You're gonna love it.	[3] If you want to have it, you can go to KimKwondo Korean Self-served BBQ and Hot Pot. Their Sautéed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce is a special dish.
The price per person is about 50 yuan. The address is at No.74 Jianshan Road, Shinan District. Its score is 3.9.	The price per person is 44, and the address is F6, Dashijie/Times Plaza,  Zhongshan Middle Road. The score is 3.4.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you.	OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.
Bye!	Have a nice meal, goodbye.
Today is January 18, 2018.	Today is October 18.
[2] Thank you. Today is also Xun Zhou's birthday.	[2] Today is the birthday of Xun Zhou. She was born in 1974.
Xun Zhou is really great. She has won many awards, such as the Most Popular Actress of the Chinese Film Media Awards.	Yes, Xun Zhou is a top actress in the Chinese film industry.
[3] You can see her movie Secret, which is very good.	[3] Yes, by the way, have you seen her Life and Death Plunder? Women tend to devote themselves to love. But they are always trapped in love and cannot get away from it.
It's a love movie.	It's a feature film, and its score is not low.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Well, it's worth seeing. It won't disappoint you.
OK, see ya!	OK, goodbye.
Today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 19 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	Today turns from overcast to cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 10 ℃ and low 4 ℃. Put on more clothes.
[2] I'm flattered. It's a perfect day to eat Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce.	[2] It's a nice day to listen to the song If It's Not Love. It is full of the creator's thinking and confusion about "love".
Yes, it's a song about missing you.	Yes, you will like it.
[3] Shall I play it for you now?	[3] I can play it for you now. Do you want to listen to it?
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
Bye!	See ya!
It's Jay Chou.	It's Jay Chou.
[2] Jay Chou is one of the 25 greatest actors in Asia on CNN.	[2] Jay Chou is known to every household. He is excellent.
Yes, he has won the Best Selling Artist in China of the World Music Awards four times.	Jay Chou was the winner of the Golden Horse Award for Best Original Film Song. He's very good.
[3] His song Rain is very good. Many people like it.	[3] I'd like to recommend a song Deep Love of Huangpu River. It maintains his usual Chinese style, the lyrics of which are exquisite and poetic. It describes the lovesickness of a woman standing by the Huangpu River.
You can listen to it. It's very nice.	Then you can try it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want to play Deep Love of Huangpu River now?
Playing Deep Love of Huangpu River for you.	There you go.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Very good. I've made progress in my study.	I've been very good recently, and I did well in the exam.
OK, I will.	I see. I will continue to work hard.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Xinqian Zhang.
Yes.	Yes, you're smart.
I'm six years old.	I'm eight now.
I like small animals, watching animation and listening to children's songs.	I like small animals and listening to children's songs.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6]I have to study.Goodbye.
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	OK, now it's playing for you.
[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend another song Wonderful Happiness to you. The more you listen to Leehom Wang's songs, the more emotional they are. It's a great song.	[2] I'm flattered. The lead singer of this song, Leehom Wang, sings another song with a very good rhythm - Big City, Small Love. You can also listen to it. This is a slow love song. Leehom Wang plays it freely. The music is quiet and simple, and the melody is clean and fluent. The chorus part is catchy. It's a light love song full of aftertaste.
Then you can listen to his Let Me Feel the Warmth, which is a song full of the creator's thinking.	Well, the song Crying Palms is also pretty good. You will fall in love with it after listening to it. This is a song about sad love.
It's a song worth listening to.	After all, it's sung by a good singer, Leehom Wang.
[3] Well, do you want to listen to it now?	[3] Hey, hey, can I play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, I'll play Crying Palms for you.
OK, see ya!	OK, goodbye.
187cm.	He is 187cm tall.
[2] Speaking of Kris Wu, he's a popular idol and the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony.	[2] Thank you! Speaking of Kris Wu, he is a fashion icon and he won the Man At His Best 2014 of Esquire.
He has also won the Asian Fashion Idol Award of Sohu Fashion Festival.	You have a good taste, he won the Asian Fashion Idol of the Sohu Fashion Awards.
[3] You wanna listen to his song All the Way, which is a lyric pop song. Kris Wu's face in the MV is so handsome.	[3] He is also very accomplished in music. Go to listen to There Is A Place. The picturesque lyrics, accompanied by soothing melody and clear and moving singing, gently hit the hearts of the audience.
Yeah, it's worth listening to.	Mm-hmm. You have to listen to it when you have time.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?
Okay, please enjoy it.	It's on.
See ya!	Well, goodbye!
He is 176cm tall.	Yeah, he's 176cm.
[2] Thank you for your praise. Speaking of Jacky Cheung, he is the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards and he is also the Most Popular Asian Artist of Channel V.	[2] I also know that he was the Best Mandarin Male Singer of the Taiwan Golden Melody Awards.
You really have a good taste. He has won the Golden Needle Award, the highest honor of RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards.	He is excellent and has a lot of fans. He is a model and a high-quality idol.
[3] Well, have you ever heard his music? I'd like to recommend it to you. The song named The Sun Washed by Spring Rain is very good. Jacky Cheung successfully performed this song with his mellow voice.	[3] I'd like to recommend a movie Bullet in the Head. Apart from the big scenes of war and riots, this movie also has its own slow gunfight. The most important thing is that it has a different way of emotional expression, compared with John Woo's previous movies.
[4] Do you want me to play this song for you now?	[4] I'd like to recommend his For Your Heart Only. Nonoy Ocampo adds classical string music to song, making it a song with classical beauty. Leslie Cheung's soothing singing is undoubtedly the best interpretation of this song.
Yes, you will definitely like it.	It's a great background music which is worth listening to.
[5] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[5] I can play it for you now. Do you want to listen?
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
See ya!	See ya!
Leehom Wang.	It's Leslie Cheung!
[2] Speaking of Leslie Cheung, he is the most famous Chinese singer in South Korea. He has won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.	[2] Leslie Cheung is a megastar. He was nominated for the Best Actor of the Cannes International Film Festival for three times and he won many awards.
He won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Original Film Song and the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.	He won the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards, the Best Actor of the Taiwan Golden Horse Awards, and the Best Original Film Song of the Hong Kong Film Awards.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his song The Years Flow Like Water. It's a classic lyric pop song. You can have a try.	[3] Yeah, he's not only good at acting, but also good at singing! The song Silence is Gold is composed by Leslie Cheung. It's a combination of classical music and pop music. There was no such song before and the Guzheng performance is also spectacular.
You can listen to it. If you haven't heard it, you can try it!	This song reflects a major function of pop music: to re-integrate and explain traditional concepts, and to summarize social emotions.
[4] Do you want me to play this song for you?	[4] Would you like to enjoy it now?
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, now I'll play the song Silence is Gold for you, please enjoy it.
I'm glad you like it.	Mm-hmm. I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	Yeah, be safe. Bye.
Good afternoon.	Good evening.
Not bad. It's easy to study recently.	I'm very good, just a little lonely.
My name is Pinglu Liu.	My name is Xiaoqin Ren.
I'm a woman.	Woman.
I'm only 18 years old.	Ha ha ha, I'm over 50.
I like to listen to music and watch movies.	I like listening to music, and watching the news.
[6] Yeah, got something at hand. I'll talk to you next time.	[6] Heehee, I'm going to eat, goodbye.
Bye!	Bye!
It's Leehom Wang.	Of course I know, it's a handsome singer, Leehom Wang.
[2] Well, do you like Leehom Wang? He is a famous singer in Hong Kong.	[2] Of course, Leehom Wang is not only good at acting, but also good at singing. He won the Best New Performer of the Hong Kong Film Awards and the Best Mandarin Male Singer of two Golden Melody Awards.
He's really excellent. He's really a good singer.	Yes, you know a lot.
[3] Do you want to listen to his song The Crescent? It's a beautiful song. The whole song is composed by Leehom Wang, which is a combination of Chinese and Western elements. The simple arrangement of the Chinese zodiac sign and the western zodiac sign is combined with Egyptian and Middle Eastern folk music to make the song sound very attractive.	[3] This song Beautiful is recommended to you. This song was originally a light and witty film episode. With the rearrangement of Leehom Wang, it has become such a work with high international recognition.
Yes, it's a very popular song.	Yes, you can listen to it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want to listen it now?
OK, it's playing.	Beautiful is playing for you. Please enjoy it.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
Good afternoon. No, not really.	Well, good afternoon, I have had lunch.
It's very good. It's easy to work.	Today's work is very boring.
I'm Xiaoqian Ren.	My name is Yuzhen Hu.
Yes.	Yes.
I'm 26 years old.	I'm 26 years old.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	I usually like watching movies.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Hello!	Hello!
Pretty good. I got paid.	Today I paid the bonus. I'm very happy.
My name is Lingwen Niu	My name is Xiaoqin Liu.
You're smart.	Yeah.
I'm 55 years old.	I'm 51 this year.
I like following stars, watching movies and listening to music.	I like listening to music and watching movies.
[6] I'm going to have a rest. Talk later.	[6] Well, I'm home. Talk later.
It's Nicholas Tse.	Hema Hema: Sing Me a Song While I Wait is starred by Xun Zhou.
[2] You're welcome. Xun Zhou has won Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress.	[2] Xun Zhou is the best actress in mainland China at present.
You have a good taste. She won the Best Actress Award of the Golden Horse Awards.	Yes, she won the Best Actress selected by China Film Directors' Guild and the Best Actress of the Hong Kong Film Awards. These are recognitions of her.
[3] Then I recommend her movie, The Bare-Footed Kid, which is very good. It's a good movie with a good reputation.	[3] Speaking of which, the movie Suzhou River starring Xun Zhou is recommended to you. It's not a fable about life in two different styles, but a modern spiritual adventure in search of lost love.
It's an adventure and plot movie.	It's a feature film.
It's good.	It's good.
Hope you like it.	Enjoy the movie.
Bye!	Bye!
It's 6 p.m.	It's 8 a.m.
[2] Thank you. By the way, today's weather is sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 20 ℃ and low 11 ℃. Remember to take an umbrella when you go out.	[2] Hee hee, I'd like to remind you that Hengshui today has light rain with northern winds. The high will be 12 ℃ and low 3 ℃.
You're welcome.	Not at all.
Bye!	OK, goodbye, please call me when you need me.
Today is May 17, 2018.	Today is January 18, 2018!
[2] Thank you for your praise! Today is Jay Chou's birthday!	[2] You know what, today is Jay Chou's birthday!
He is also the Most Popular Male Singer of MTV Asia Awards twice and the Most Popular Male Singer of the Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony!	He won 15 Golden Melody Awards! He's an amazing star. Do you like his songs?
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Secret to you. It's a very nice song. It's not bad.	[3] Jay Chou has been making progress and taking the lead, but few people can keep up with him. I recommend his masterpiece Free Tutorial Video to you. Obviously, it's an imaginative song full of various cute little things.
Then you can't miss it!	I believe you'll like this song!
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want to play Free Tutorial Video?
Free Tutorial Video is playing for you.	Free Tutorial Video is playing.
You're welcome. As long as you like it!	You're welcome. I'm very happy to recommend songs you like!
Bye!	Bye!
Today is sunny with southwest winds. The highest temperature will be 16℃, and the lowest temperature will be 3℃.	OK, Shenzhen today is cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 21 ℃ and low 14 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is very suitable for listening to A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream. This song combines martial arts with Chinese traditional culture, and makes people feel good.	[2] You're welcome. It's a nice day to have Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers!
Then you can try it today.	Really? And this hot dish has strong aftertaste.
Thank you for that.	[3] I'm flattered! The Zhaizhai Hunan Restaurant nearby is good at making this dish. You can book it through me!
It's 50 yuan.	50 for each person.
The address is at No.3-4, Zhongshan Road, Chengguan District (next to the passage from hall A to Hall C).	The address is Jiaosanxiliu Lane, Jiaochangwei Village, Longgang District.
It's 3.9.	The score is 4.4.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now!	OK, I wish you a happy meal!
Goodbye!	Goodbye!
Yes, Leehom Wang's birthday is May 17th.	I know. It's May 17, 1976.
[2] I also know that Leehom Wang won the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart. He is really excellent.	[2] I also know that Leehom Wang was born in New York, USA.
He is the Most Popular Male Singer of MTV Asian Music. He has won the 15th Huading Awards for Best Singer in Asia.	Then you have a good taste. Leehom Wang was the Favourite Artist Taiwan at the MTV Asia Awards and the Best Male Singer of the Global Chinese Golden Chart.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Floral Sea to you. It shows a young people's love for small animals. The song describes a boy who is not afraid of small animals, but also sings in a young people's heart that they are loved by animals.	[3] Then I recommend you Chinese Zodiac (Live), which is a folk song of traditional Chinese time units and signs. The light melody and catchy lyrics make this song popular among many people.
You'll like it.	Yeah, but it's really nice.
[4] Do you need me to play this song for you?	[4] Now I'm going to play Chinese Zodiac (Live) for you, OK?
Playing Chinese Zodiac (Live) for you.	OK, next, please enjoy Chinese Zodiac (Live) by Leehom Wang.
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
Hello, I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	My study is not very good, I cannot keep up with the teacher.
OK, thank you.	Thank you. I see.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Xuanhang Wang.
Yes, you're smart.	Yeah, yeah.
I'm six years old.	I'm eight years old.
I like watching animation and listening to children's songs.	I like some small animals. Sometimes I listen to children's songs or watch animations.
[6] Hey, hey. I'm getting home, bye!	[6] Yeah, I'm going to have lunch, goodbye.
Bye!	See ya!
Today is October 18, 2018.	Today is April 28, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Jiong He's birthday.	[2] Today is the birthday of Jiong He, the Most Popular TV Host of China Student Television Festival.
Yes, he also won the Most Popular TV Host of China Student Television Festival.	A handsome man, a male star who only grows younger.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his song Another Self, which is full of inner loneliness and power.	[3] I'd like to recommend a song Lonely Shadow to you. It's very good, especially its beginning. You'll never get tired of it!
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	You will love the song I recommend.
[4] Do you want me to play Lonely Shadow for you now?	[4] Do you want to play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	I'll play it for you right away.
See ya!	OK, see ya!
Good afternoon.	Good afternoon.
Not bad, just a little boring at work.	I'm very good. I also did well in the exam.
My name is Xiaoxiang Guo.	My name is Yu Wang. Remember it.
Boy.	I'm a boy.
I'm six years old.	I'm nine years old.
I like watching anime and listening to children's songs.	I like to watch animations and listen to children's songs. I also like small animals.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6] It was nice talking to you. I'll go home first.
At home, I feel bored.	As usual, I have too much work, I'm too busy.
Thank you for your concern.	Well, thank you for your concern.
But I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music now.
Yes, I like him very much.	Yes, he won 15 Golden Melody Awards.
That's my idol!	Yeah, my idol is super good.
I've seen it.	I've seen it. Change it.
Who is the director?	Who is the director?
OK, I'll watch it.	En en, his movies are all good. I'll have a look at it when I have time.
[5] I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you later.	[5] Well, thank you for your recommendation. That's all for today.
See ya!	Yeah, bye.
Good afternoon! Today is the birthday of Cecilia Cheung.	Of course, I feel relaxed recently. Nothing is difficult for me.
[2] Thank you for your praise. I'd like to recommend a song named Impossible to Miss You sung by Jiong He. The melody is soft and pleasant. The parting scene in the song is vividly displayed.	Mm-hmm, I am.
My name is Pinglu Liu.	My name is Lingwen Niu
Yes, you are so smart.	Yes, I am a lovely girl.
I'm 16.	I'm 9 years old.
I like watching anime and listening to children's songs.	Watching animations, listening to music, and playing with small animals.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6] I have to go. I'm going to sleep.
Yes, I'll play it for you right away.	OK, I'll play Good Kid for you right away.
It's Leehom Wang.	[2] It's Kris Wu. By the way, the song Like That is also his song. I can only say, it's great. You might as well listen to it.
Yes, I can play it for you now.	OK, his November Rain is not bad. Listen to it.
Yes, it is.	Yes, it's a good English song.
[3] Can I play November Rain for you now?	[3] How about playing this song for you now?
OK, I'll play November Rain for you.	OK, playing now.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like my recommendation.
OK, bye!	All right. Bye!
It's 10 p.m.	It's 10:00 p.m., December 12, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Do you want to know about the weather?	[2] Although it is sunny today, there are southwest winds. The high will be only 4 ℃, and low -5 ℃. Make sure you don't catch a cold.
Yes, it's very comfortable to wrap your quilt with quilt.	You're welcome. I'm glad to be at your service.
Bye!	OK, bye!
He's a Cancer.	Jacky Cheung is a Cancer.
[2] You're welcome. Jacky Cheung is one of the Top Five Global Iconic Musicians.	[2] I also know that Jacky Cheung is called a Chinese super singer. I'm good, right?
Yes, he is also a Chinese superstar. He has won the Golden Needle Award, the highest honor of RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards.	He's really charismatic. You can know more about his career. He not only sings well, but also acts well in movies! He won the Best Actor of the China Film Media Awards.
[3] I'd like to recommend his movie, Where Are You Now, to you. The movie is very good, with a good reputation.	[3] Well, I recommend his Perhaps Love to you. It's a good musical.
The director is Chucheng Ma.	This film was directed by Kexin Chen!
OK, hope you like it.	OK, I believe it will bring you a good viewing experience.
Bye!	Bye!
Good morning.	Good morning, little housekeeper.
I'm staying at home.	Ready to go to work.
I like listening to Time Boils The Rain best.	I like to listen to Those Years.
Yeah, I like him very much.	Well, I like him. He's excellent.
Yes, he is excellent.	Yes, and he has devoted his whole youth to this stage, which is worthy of our admiration.
I've listened to it. I'm not interested in it.	I've heard this. Do you have any other suggestions?
Is it your favorite song?	Good.
Mm-hmm.	I will listen to it.
Sure.	Sure.
That sounds good. Thank you.	[6] Well, I'll listen to the song first, goodbye.
It's playing for you.	I got it on for you. Please enjoy.
Yes, Jay Chou sings with a high EQ. It's very catchy.	[2] Ha ha, since you like Jay's song so much, how about listening to his Self Directed Act, an R & B style song?
The song Floral Sea is also very nice. It's a song about island style. Jay Chou sings the song with island singing, which has a soothing power.	Then you can listen to Floral Sea. It's a song full of island beauty. Jay Chou's island style singing has a soothing power.
It sounds very island.	It's a very romantic song.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] How about playing Floral Sea for you now?
I got it on for you. Please enjoy.	I got it on for you. Please enjoy.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Bo Huang's height is 172cm.	He's 172cm's tall.
[2] Thank you for your praise. Speaking of Bo Huang, he's a handsome, professional actor in the entertainment industry.	[2] Thank you. By the way, Bo Huang is a model worker in the entertainment industry.
Yes, he has also won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.	It was his efforts that made him what he is now. He won the 19th Huading Award for Best Actor.
[3] Then I'd like to recommend his movie, Bo Huang's Impossible To Miss You, to you.	[3] You should see his film The Miracle World. Such an excellent short film is rare in China.
Not bad.	It's good.
Hope you'll like it.	Your idol won't let you down.
Bye!	Bye.
It's 8 p.m.	It's 12:00 noon.
[2] I'm flattered. By the way, it's sunny with north winds today. The high will be 20 ℃ and low 10 ℃.	[2] Hee hee, I'd like to remind you that today has showers with variable winds. The high will be 29 ℃ and low 23 ℃, remember to take an umbrella.
My pleasure.	My pleasure.
All right. Bye!	OK, bye.
Today is November 6th, 2018.	It's 24th October, 2018.
[2] You know what? Today is also the birthday of Jiong He.	[2] Hee hee, by the way, Haikou today is cloudy with variable winds. The high will be 31 ℃ and low 24 ℃.
Be careful when you go out.	Well, remember to put on or off clothes in time.
OK, see ya!	Okay, bye.
OK, playing now.	OK, I'm glad to play it for you.
[2] It's my pleasure. I'd like to recommend another song Self Directed Act, which is one of Leehom Wang's representative Cantonese songs.	[2] My pleasure. It seems that you like Jay Chou very much, here is a song of his Enchanting Melody. You'll fall in love with it, once you hear it. You can try it.
Well, Enchanting Melody is also the song of Mr. Zhou, who is one of the Ten Outstanding Young Persons in the World.	OK, Chivalry is also very good. It's a classic song that is hard to surpass.
Well, you can listen to his Heartburn. It's a classic song.	Yeah, yeah. You'll find that Jay Chou has a different voice, once you hear it.
[3] May I play Chivalry for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
OK, I'm playing Chivalry for you.	OK, I'll play it for you. I hope you like it.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
It's sunny with southwest winds in Fuzhou today. The high will be 8 ℃ and low - 4 ℃.	Shijiazhuang today is cloudy, northeast wind. The high will be 4 ℃ and the low - 6 ℃. It's cold. Remember to keep warm in this cold day!
[2] It's a perfect day to eat Spicy Crawfish.	[2] You're welcome. Today's weather is very suitable for eating Duck Blooding Chili Sauce.
Of course. Duck blood Tripe is the most nutritious.	Of course.
[3] Today's weather is suitable to eat Duck Blooding Chili Sauce. I recommend you to go to the Little Pink Fish Sichuan Cuisine. It tastes great.	Then you must have it.
OK, see ya!	Have a good dream, goodbye!
Good afternoon!	Oh, hello.
No, I didn't do well in the exam.	Yes, I'm not happy because I've lagged behind in my study recently.
But I don't want to listen to music now.	I'm not in to mood to music right now.
I like him very much.	Kris, I like him very much, he is my super idol.
Yes, he is a talented person who has performed well in many fields.	Yes, he was the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony.
I've seen it.	I've seen it.
Who's the director?	What kind of film is this?
OK, I'll watch it when I have time.	It has a good name. I'll go and have a look.
Bye!	See ya!
Good afternoon. I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	I've been tired. Studying is not fun at all.
Thank you. I will.	I will continue to study hard.
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	My name is Xinxiang Yu.
I'm a boy.	I'm a boy.
I'm eight years old.	I'm 10 years old.
I like small animals and watching animation.	I like to watch anime and play with small animals.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6]I have to study.Goodbye.
She's a Gemini.	She is a Gemini.
[2] Thank you. She is a famous actress in China.	[2] Thank you. She's got real class, a great catch.
She has also won Hong Kong Film Critics Society Awards for Best Actress.	Haha, she won the Golden Bauhinia Award for Best Leading Actress.
[3] Yes, her acting skills are quite good. She won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress. I recommend you to watch her movie.	[3] Since she is your idol, I recommend her movie Left Right Love Destiny, a French style one.
[4] Mm-hmm. Nicholas Tse's movies are always very good. You can watch the film The Viral Factor. It's very good.	[4] His movie The Viral Factor is good. It gives us a visual shock and it applied invisible editing.
The director is Chaoxian Lin.	The director is Chaoxian Lin.
Very good.	Yes.
OK, hope you like it.	Hope you'll like it.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is November 6th, 2018.	Today is September 12, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. You know what? Today is Mi Yang's birthday.	[2] Hehe. Do you know today is Mi Yang's birthday?
Mm-hmm, you have a good taste. Mi Yang is the Best Actress of the Magnolia Award of Shanghai TV Festival.	Your idol is so dreamy that she becomes famous nationwide. She is excellent!
[3] Yes, I recommend you to see Mi Yang's "I'm Going to School". The story of the school is full of love and vicissitudes, but it is also very touching. It's worth seeing.	[3] Yeah, your idol slays! By the way, I recommend her movie Reset. It's good!
Besides Mi Yang, there's Yikuan Yan, who's also known as the god of songs!	Except for Mi Yang, there is Jianhua Huo.
You're gonna love it.	OK. Hope you'll like it.
Bye!	Bye!
It's Xiaoming Huang.	It's Xiaoming Huang.
[2] You're welcome. He is a very good actor. He has won the 32nd Hundred Flowers Awards for Best Actor.	[2] Haha, he won the 10th Chinese American Film Festival for Best Actor.
Yes, he has also won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actor.	Many people like him. He deserves it. He is also selected as one of Ten Outstanding Young Persons in Shandong Province.
[3] Do you want to see his movie? I recommend it to you. The film is good and it's worth seeing.	[3] I recommend his film The Crossing I I. The historical event, love story and film scores give us a deep inpression.
[4] OK, you can see Mi Yang's The Sun Washed by Spring Rain, which is the theme of Hong Kong movie.	[4] OK. Then her film Reset is recommended to you. The film is lit, and aroused many discussions about the "sci-fi ethics" and mother-child relationship in it.
It's Bingbing Fan.	Except for Mi Yang, there is  Jianhua Huo, who is also an A-list celebrity.
Hope you'll like it.	Trust me, it won't let you down.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
It's mostly cloudy with southeast winds. The high will be 19 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	Today's weather report for Fuzhou: Cloudy to light rain. Northeast winds. The high will be 24 ℃ and low 19 ℃.
[2] This kind of weather is suitable for listening to "Heroes of Earth" sung by Jiong He. This song has won the Best Original Song of the 15th anniversary of New Weekly.	[2] You know what? This kind of weather is suitable for Spicy Hot Pot.
You have a good taste. This hot dish can warm your stomach.	The shrimps and cauliflowers in it are very nutritious.
[3] I recommend you to go to Laoqi Sichuan Cuisine. It's their specialty.	Then have a nice meal!
Bye!	Bye!
It's Jay Chou.	The lead singer is Jay Chou.
[2] Jay Chou is a famous singer in Hong Kong.	[2] Speaking of Jay Chou, he won four Singapore Golden Melody Awards for Most Popular Male Singer.
He is also the Most Popular Male Singer of MTV Asian Music. He has a lot of fans.	Then you really have an eye. Jay Chou not only won two Golden Melody Awards for Best Male Mandarin Singer, but also has fifteen Golden Melody Awards in total.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his song named Self Directed Act, which is a song that emphasizes the inner world.	[3] I recommend his piano music Rain. In the movie Secret, Rain appeared twice.
You'll love it.	How about listening to the music now?
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play Rain now?
It's playing for you.	The music is playing.
See ya!	OK, see ya!
It's Kris Wu.	It is Kris Wu.
[2] He is the most popular male star on Chinese TV. Do you like him?	[2] I see. Kris Wu is talented in making music. His singing style wins him a lot of fans.
And he also won the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony in 2015.	He is not only handsome, but also is the winner of Outstanding Youth Award on Sina 15th Anniversary.
[3] Do you want to listen to Kris Wu's Self Directed Act? It's a very good song.	[3] I recommend his song Chinese Soul, where the West meets the East. It combines rap music with traditional Chinese culture. I'm so moved when I listen to it.
Yes, it is.	Yes, this song reflects his attitude towards life. It uses autotune, which highlights the song.
[4] Do you want me to play this song for you?	[4] If you like it so much, I'll play it for you now.
Playing Chinese Soul for you.	Chinese Soul is playing.
I'm glad you like it.	As long as you like it.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
It's Jay Chou.	The lead singer is Jay Chou.
[2] Of course. I also know that he is the Most Popular Male Singer of MTV Asian Music in Taiwan at the MTV Asia Awards.	[2] I'm flattered. Jay is a "miracle" of Chinese pop music world.
He is not only popular in China, but also popular in South Korea. He has also won the Most Popular Male Singer in Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.	Yeah, and Jay Chou has won fifteen Golden Melody Awards.
[3] I recommend you to listen to the song Chinese Soul. It's a dance music with diversified styles, which combines Eastern and Western elements.	[3] You can also listen to this Snake Dance which has a very strong rhythm. The whole song combines Hip-Hop with Egyptian and Middle Eastern folk music. This duet is pretty unique and charming.
Then you can't miss this song.	Jay Chou's songs are worth listening to whether they are popular or not.
[4] Do you want me to play this song for you?	[4] How about playing it for you now?
OK, playing for you.	OK. I'm on it.
Bye!	Then enjoy the song.
Hello, I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	Good afternoon. I've been under a lot of pressure recently, but I can handle it.
OK, I will.	Yeah, I'll pay attention to that.
My name is Qizhen Ji.	My name is Xinfei Sun.
A man, of course.	I'm a woman, hehe.
I'm 27 years old.	I'm in my fifties.
I like to listen to music and watch movies.	Watching movies, listening to music or something.
[6] OK, I'm going to have a rest. Bye.	[6] Yeah. I'm going to have dinner. See you.
Bye!	All right. Bye!
Today's weather is cloudy with northwest wind. The maximum temperature will be 17℃ and the minimum temperature will be 8℃.	Light rain with northwest winds.The  high will be 7 ℃, and low 4 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for eating Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] This kind of warm weather is suitable for eating Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers.
This hot dish is popular with many people.	Fish head is good.
You'll love it.	Have a nice meal.
It's on the 4th floor of Zhubang City Square.	[3] You can try Shangwei Hunan Cuisine Restaurant.
It's 54 per person.	40 RMB.
It's on the third floor of Zhubang City Square, Qingnian Road, Kuancheng District.	No. 28 Chiling Road, Tianxin District (near Changsha University of Science and Technology). It's opposite China Mobile building.
3.9.	The score is 4.1.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	OK, I've got it.
Bye!	See ya!
Today is October 26, 2018.	Today is October 17th.
[2] Today is also Xun Zhou's birthday.	[2] OK. Today's weather report: Cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 23 degrees Celsius, and the low 16 degrees Celsius. There is a big temperature difference. Please keep warm.
Remember to take an umbrella when you go out.	At your service.
All right. Bye!	All right. Bye!
Today's weather is cloudy with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 17℃ and the minimum temperature will be 9℃.	Sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 18 degrees Celsius, and low 8 degrees Celsius.
[2] Hehe, it's a perfect day to have Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce.	[2] It's a piece of cake. By the way, today is suitable for eating Stir-Fried Venerupis.
You can try it.	Yes, this hot dish can warm you up.
[3] If you want to eat, you can go to Sansheng Sanwei Tantra Sichuan Cuisine (Longfor Paradise Walk Store). Their Stir-Fried Venerupis is the specialty.	Trust me, it won't let you down.
All right. Bye!	See ya!
I'm on my way home.	I did well in my exams. My mom just praised me.
Yeah, I think so.	Sure!
My name is Pinglu Liu.	My name is Shuaiyu Cai.
Haha, you are so smart.	Yes.
Five years old.	I'm 9 and a half years old.
I like watching anime and listening to children's songs.	Watching animations and listening to the music.
[6] I'm going to have dinner. Let's talk later.	[6] I'm going to have a siesta.
Bye!	Mm-hmm, bye.
Of course, it's Ruby Lin.	It's Xiaoming Huang.
[2] You're welcome. Xiaoming Huang has won the Best Actor Award at the 15th China Image Film Festival.	[2] You're welcome. Xiaoming Huang was awarded Most Popular Actor at 17th Beijing College Student Film Festival. Many people like him.
Yes, he has also won the Golden Phoenix Awards of the 15th China Image Film Festival.	That's right. Actually, Xiaoming Huang is a very good actor. He was awarded Best Actor at the13th Changchun Film Festival. He is lit.
[3] Then I recommend you to see his movie, Where Are You Now, in which Xiaoming Huang plays a leading role. Xiaoming Huang is very good at acting.	[3] Yes, do you want to see his film Ip Man 2? This film is one of good integrity. It centers Ye Wen's family and has a bit of humor. People can see the sincere from the ordinary. The director is dedicated to the film.
[4] Then you can see Mi Yang's Mi Yang's Mi Yang's movie The Bare-Footed Kid. It has a good reputation. I recommend you to have a look.	[4] Then I recommend her film A Fairy Tale in Beijing. It tells a simple but touching love story. Do want to see it?
It's 6.3.	It's 7. It's very good。
OK, I hope you'll like it.	[5] OK. Enjoy your dinner. See you!
It's 6 p.m.	It's 12:00 p.m.
[2] Thank you for your praise. By the way, today is sunny with southeast winds. The high will be - 6 ℃ and low - 14 ℃. Remember to wear more clothes.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, here's today's weather report for Hefei: Mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 9 ℃, and low - 1 ℃. It's cold. Remember to wear more clothes.
You're welcome.	You are welcome.
Bye!	Bye!
Today's sunny to cloudy with northeast wind, the highest temperature is 17 ℃, the lowest temperature is 10 ℃.	There will be a shower with variable winds. The high will be 29 ℃, and low 23 ℃.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Poached Spicy Slices of Pork.	[2] Today's weather is very suitable for listening to that song. Do you want to know which song it is?
I'm sure it's Kris Wu's song.	It's Heroes of Earth, which is classic to Leehom's fans.
Of course, it's a great song.	Yes it is. It's very classic.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you?
It's playing for you.	Heroes of Earth is playing.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
She's 167cm.	She is 168cm tall.
[2] Hee hee, she's a popular actress in the mainland.	[2] Hehe, let's talk about Hsu Chi. I remember she used to be a model.
Yeah, and she has also won the Most Anticipated Actress of the Chinese Film Media Award.	Of course, that's why she won the Asian Film Award for Best Leading Actress.
[3] Then I'd like to recommend a beautiful movie starred by her, Golden Armor. It's like a love movie with a story.	[3] I recommend her film City of Glass, in which she was stunning! And the theme song is good.
Yes, it's a feature film.	It's a love and history film.
You're gonna love it.	Yes. I think you'll like Hsu Chi more after seeing this film.
All right. Bye!	OK, see ya!
Today's weather is sunny with northwest wind. The highest temperature will be 16℃, and the lowest temperature will be 3℃.	Sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 23 ℃, and low 14 ℃. The weather is pretty good.
[2] Thank you for your compliment. I recommend you to listen to Who. The song is very good. The melody is catchy and the lyrics are meaningful.	[2] That's true. By the way, this kind of weather is suitable for listening to the song Invisible Hands. Hand in hand, we head towards our future.
It's sung by Jiong He.	It's sung by Jiong He. It's a very emotional song.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] How about playing it for you now?
It's playing for you.	The song is playing.
I'm glad you like it.	I knew you'll like it!
Bye!	Goodbye.
OK, A Man of Intention is playing for you.	I'm on it. Please enjoy.
[2] You're welcome. Do you want to listen to the song Heartburn? It's very catchy. It's also the episode of the TV series Who.	[2] At your service. By the way, do you want to listen to Leslie's Glamour Forever? From the audience's perspective, this song is so beautiful.
OK, How about Run Toward the Future? It's the theme song of the movie Heroes 2.	That's all right. How about the song Run Toward the Future? It’s full of youth and is the theme song of the film A Better Tomorrow II. It's worth listening to.
Yeah, it's very popular.	The way Leslie Cheung sang is very appealing.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
OK, I'm on it. Please enjoy.	I'm on it.
I'm glad you like it.	Please enjoy it.
You are welcome.	You are welcome.
All right. Bye!	All right. Bye!
Type A.	He's type A.
[2] Thank you. He is a Virgo.	[2] Thank you. He is one of the best men in the entertainment circles.
He has also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Supporting Actor.	You have a good eye! He won the Hundred Flowers Award for Best Supporting Actor.
[3] Well, I'd like to recommend a movie starred by him. It's called The Bare-Footed Kid. It's a romantic comedy in the form of a movie.	[3] Hahaha, you bet. He's a superb actor. You can check out his film As The Light Goes Out. It has shocking special effects and breath-taking plots, and the so-called "thick smoke" philosophy gets this film out of the pattern of traditional films about fire fighting.
[4] Then I recommend you to see Cecilia Cheung's movie Les Saisons, which is very touching.	[4] Then you can't miss her film Wu Yen. Just like other traditional Cantonese films, there is cross-dressing. And people can find the singing and acting of Cantonese Opera in this film.
It's a comedy.	It's a fantasy comedy.
I'm sure you'll like it.	OK, it won't let you down!
OK, see ya!	OK, see you.
It's 8 p.m.	Dear master, now is 20:00 p.m. on October 7, 2018.
[2] Hehe, by the way, today is mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 26 ℃ and low 13 ℃. Remember to wear more clothes.	[2] Hehe. By the way, here's today's weather report for Rizhao: Mostly cloudy early and overcast later. North winds. The high will be 22 ℃, and low 14 ℃.
Yes, keep warm.	Yes, we are at a comfortable temperature.
Bye!	Haha, goodbye.
I've been busy with my work recently. I didn't do well in the exam.	Been busy with my study, hehe.
Yes, I'm so happy.	Of course, hard work brings results. My efforts were paid off.
My favorite movie is Crazy Stone.	I like Crazy Stone the best.
I like Bingbing Fan best.	Hehe, I like Bo Huang the best!
Yes, I like him very much.	Yes, I'm a big fan of Bo Huang. Although he used to be supporting actors in TV dramas, his acting has been really great!
Mm-hmm, he's really excellent.	Yeah, yeah, he's really good.
I've seen this one. I don't want to see it now.	OK, I see. Thank you, but I'm sorry. I've seen this one.
Who is the director of this film?	Well, who is the director?
Well, I can see how it's done.	What kind of style it is?
Mm-hmm. I like it. I'll watch it when I have time.	It's my type.
[6] OK, I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you later.	[6] OK, I'm going to see it. Thank you. Talk later.
Bye!	Goodbye.
Good evening.	Hello
It's easy.	I got promoted. I'm so happy.
My name is Xiaoshan Wang.	My name is Xiaoqian Zheng.
I'm a girl.	I'm a lady.
I'm 26 years old.	I'm 21.
I like listening to music and watching news.	I'm a fangirl. I also like to watch news or something.
[6] Hey, hey. I'm getting home, bye!	[6] It's all right. I'm going to sleep. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
Hello, I've been very busy recently.	I'm so happy. I got paid.
Thank you.	Thank you.
My name is Xinqian Zhang.	My name is Xinming Hao.
I'm a woman.	I'm a man, of course.
I'm 51 years old.	I'm only 18 years old.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	I like to follow news of celebrities and see films.
See ya!	See ya!
Sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 15 ℃ and low 3 ℃.	Today's weather report for Xuzhou: Overcast skies will give way to mostly cloudy ones. Northeast winds. The high will be 2 ℃, and the low will be - 6 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. It's a good day to listen to Who's the Keyman. The song interprets the feeling of loneliness and powerlessness between men and women.	[2] You're welcome. It's a good day for you to eat Yu-Shiang Shredded Pork (Sautéed with Spicy Garlic Sauce).
That's good. You'll feel warm after eating this hot dish.	Great. The veggies in this dish are also very nutritious.
[3] It's very delicious. You can go to the Yuduoduo Sichuan Cuisine(Normal University store). It cooks this dish very well.	[3] You can order Yu-Shiang Shredded Pork (Sautéed with Spicy Garlic Sauce) in Wazhidao Sichuan Cuisine.
It's 35 yuan.	It's 55 RMB per person. It's budget-friendly.
The address is the southeast corner of the intersection of Changjiang Middle Road and Guanting Road in Wuchang District.	Next to No. 3036 ( Super Player arcade) on 3rd floor, Wanda Plaza, Beijing North Road, Tongshan New District.
It's 3.9. Not bad.	The score was 3.3.
I'll make a reservation for you now.	OK, your reservation has been made.
Bye!	Byebye!
He's a Virgo.	Leslie Cheung was a Virgo.
[2] Thank you. Leslie Cheung was the first famous Chinese singer in South Korea.	[2] Let's talk about Leslie Cheung. He won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor.
Yes, he is not only an artist, but also a good singer.	In addition, he was shortlisted for top five most iconic musicians selected by CNN.
[3] Since you like Leslie Cheung so much, I recommend you to listen to his The Sun Washed by Spring Rain, which is a typical Leslie Cheung style song. It describes a woman's emotional experience of returning to her beloved by the Spring Rain.	[3] I recommend his song Blamefully Beautiful. Even the best singing skills and the most perfect voice cannot compare to Leslie's devotion.
It's a song worth listening to. You will like it.	Think you'll like this song.
[4] May I play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?
Blamefully Beautiful is playing for you.	The song is playing.
Bye!	See ya!
It's Leslie Cheung.	Hello. It's Ruby Lin.
[2] Thank you. Ruby Lin is a popular star. Many people like her.	[2] I have some other information about Ruby Lin. She won the Seoul International Drama Award for Favorite China Actress. Her progress is obvious to everyone of us.
Yeah, she's really good at acting.	Yes, it is because of her hard work that she was nominated as Best Actress of the 18th Huading Award and as Favorite HK/TW Actress of Golden Eagle Award.
[3] You can see her movie The Bare-Footed Kid. It's a well-proportioned movie.	[3] Haha, it seems that you like her very much. Then I recommend her film The Devotion of Suspect X, which is adapted from the book with the same title, and which keeps a lot of original plots. Ruby has a brilliant performance in this film.
The director of the film is Jeffrey Lau.	This film is directed by Alec Su. It is a suspense and drama film.
[4] OK, then I'll leave you alone now. Bye.	[4] OK, you can come to me whenever you want to know something. Talk later. Bye!
Mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 3 ℃.	Light rain turns to be steady. Southwest winds. The high will be 17 ℃, and low 15 ℃. Take an umbrella if you go out.
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable to eat Mapo Tofu.	[2] This weather is suitable for eating Marinated Fish.
This hot dish can warm your stomach.	The point is that this hot dish can really warm your stomach.
Well, it won't let you down.	[3] Then I recommend a restaurant called Yuhuohuo Marinated Fish, where marinated fish is the special. You can make a reservation in advance.
It's 0 per person.	The price is 39 RMB per person, and the score is 4.9.
It's on the sixth floor of Zhubang City Square, Qingnian Road, Kuancheng District.	It is across from Taianyuan apartment complex, Taian Road, Xiaguan City.
Sure, no problem.	OK, I'll make a reservation for you.
Bye!	See ya!
It's 8 p.m.	It's already 10:00 p.m.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, today it will turn from sunny to cloudy with variable winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	[2] There may be light rain recently. The high will be 6 ℃ and the low 2 ℃. Tuck yourself in and don't get a cold.
You're welcome.	You're welcome. At your service.
Good night.	Sweet dream. Good night.
Good afternoon!	Hello.
I'm lonely.	Pretty good. I got promoted.
Not really for music at the moment.	But I don't want to listen to music now.
I like him very much.	He is very good. I like him. He is a singer, an actor as well as a businessman.
Wow, that's amazing.	He's rad. He is a versatile celebrity.
I've seen it.	I've seen this. I don't want to see it now.
What kind of movie is it?	What kind of movie is it?
I'll watch it when I have time.	OK, I'll see this movie if I have time.
See ya!	OK, see ya!
OK, it's playing for you.	It's on now, please enjoy.
[2] I'm flattered. By the way, Jay Chou's another song Self Directed Act is also very good. It's  a classic work of Jay Chou. I recommend it to you.	[2] I like you, too! I recommend his another song Heartburn, which is also good! I can listen to it again and again and never get tired of it.
Then let's change the subject! How about Hope for Love? Its name is also very good!	How about Lonely Shadow? Jiong He's voice is sincere, warm and comforting.
Of course, it's a very affectionate song!	You'll like it.
[3] May I play it for you now?	[3] Do you want to play it now?
It's on.	OK. The song is playing. Hope you enjoy it.
I'm glad you like it!	Haha, glad to hear that.
Goodbye!	Okay, goodbye.
It's Jimmy Lin.	Of course I know it. It's Aaron Kwok.
[2] Do you like Aaron Kwok? He's a superstar in Hong Kong.	[2] No problem. He's a superb actor. He won two Golden Horse Awards for Best Leading Actor.
Besides, he's also the winner of the Hong Kong Film Awards for Best Actor.	He also won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Leading Actor.
[3] I'd like to recommend you to see his movie named Throw Down. It's a good movie, which tells a love story with a little bit of suspense.	[3] He also starred in the encouraging film Throw Down made by Milkyway Image. I recommend it to you. It's really good.
It's a thriller crime movie with action and plot.	It's a drama film.
I'm sure you'll like it.	It's very good. You will like it!
Bye!	Goodbye!
Hello, I've been very busy recently.	I didn't do well in the exam.
Well, I will.	I will continue to study hard.
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	My name is Jiaofei Zhang.
I'm a girl.	Girl.
Eight years old.	Five years old.
I like small animals, anime and nursery rhymes.	I like to play with small animals.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6]I have to study.Goodbye.
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, right away.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, I'd like to recommend another song called I Waited Until the Flower Withered. It's a classic love song. You can listen to it.	[2] I recommend another song Glamour Forever to you. From the audience's perspective, this song is so beautiful. You should try it.
How about November Rain? It's a good song.	Then I guess you will like the song Run Toward the Future. It's the theme song of the film A Better Tomorrow II.
It's a great song.	[3] Yes, it's a very good song. Do you want me to play it for you?
It's playing for you.	I'm on it. Please enjoy.
OK, see ya!	See ya!
OK, I'm playing Rainy Night Romance for you.	OK. The song is playing.
[2] You're welcome. Do you want to listen to Heartburn by Jay Chou? The lyrics are excellent. The melody is beautiful and the rhythm is lively.	[2] Hehe, no problem. I recommend Jacky Cheung's Be Torn with Grief, a very classic pop song. You can try it.
What about Need Some Company? This song is a classic one. You can try it.	Well, how about Still Think You're the Best? It's one of Jacky's representative Cantonese songs!
Yeah, it's also a classic one handed down from generation to generation.	It's melodious.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want to hear it now?
It's playing.	OK, Still Think You're the Best is playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	Yes. Enjoy it.
You are welcome.	You are welcome.
OK, bye!	OK, bye!
Very good.	Not so hot. I'm a bit bored.
Well, I like to watch movies when I'm bored.	You bet.
I like New Police Story best.	I think it's New Police Story.
Of course, it's Xiaoming Huang.	Nicholas Tse.
Of course, I'm an ageless man in the entertainment industry.	Yes, he is a very hard-working person, and keeps improving his acting.
He has always been so excellent.	He's a down-to-earth type.
I've seen it.	I've seen it
What's the score?	What's the score?
I'll watch it when I have time.	Well, OK. I'll see it when I'm free.
[6] OK, I'm going to have a rest. I'll talk to you later.	[6] Well, I'm going to take a stroll. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye.
It's sunny with southwest winds in Nantong today. The high will be 20 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	The weather is not very good. Cloudy with east winds. The high will be 21 ℃ and the low 16 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. It's a good day to listen to the song "Orchid Pavillion". This song is full of profound and sincere feelings. The lyrics are profound and sincere, and the melody is beautiful.	[2] No problem. Although the weather is not good, it's suitable for eating Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers in such weather. This hot dish can warm you.
Yes, it's very suitable for you to eat it.	Yes. This hot dish will warm your stomach.
[3] I recommend Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers to you. The Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers in this restaurant is very delicious.	Haha. Seems like you're a foodie.
OK, goodbye.	OK. See you later.
He is 180cm tall.	Hello. Xiaoming Huang is 180cm tall.
[2] You're welcome. Xiaoming Huang is a star with great popularity. He is also the Best Actor of the Hundred Flowers Awards.	[2] Hehe, you're welcome. I also know he is a Scorpio. He's gorgeous.
Ha ha, he is a very excellent actor. He won the Best Actor of the Hundred Flowers Awards and the Best Actor of the Hundred Flowers Awards.	He is really popular. He is a handsome and superb actor. He has won some major awards, such as Hundred Flowers Award for Best Leading Actor and Golden Rooster Award for Best Leading Actor.
[3] Yes, I recommend you to watch the movie The Sun Washed by Spring Rain, which is very good. It tells a story of a real and sentimental love.	[3] His film Les Saisons is amazing. In this film, we can see animals, like humans, have deep love for their children and see many wonders. I recommend it to you.
[4] Then you can see her My Rice Noodle Shop. It's a good domestic film.	[4] Her film The Bullet Vanishes is good. As the plots advance, the whole film is sublimated. You can try it.
In addition to Mi Yang, there are Jacques Behan and Jacques Cluzaud.	Except for Mi Yang, there are Nicholas Tse, Sean Lau, Boran Jing and Gang Wu.
I believe it won't let you down.	The brilliant performance of the cast will feast your eyes.
OK, see ya!	OK, good night.
It's 12 o'clock at noon.	It's seven o'clock in the morning.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, it's cloudy with northeast wind today. The highest temperature is 20℃, and the lowest temperature is 12℃. Remember to take an umbrella when you go out.	[2] Hehe. By the way, here's today's weather report. Mostly cloudy with south winds. The high will be 20 ℃, and the low will be 11 ℃.
My pleasure.	Haha, I am the most sweet robot.
Thank you for that.	I have you. I think I am the lucky one.
Bye!	Bye!
It's Leslie Cheung.	It's Leslie Cheung.
[2] Speaking of Leslie Cheung, he is one of the 100 Outstanding Actors of Chinese Films Century.	[2] Speaking of Leslie Cheung, he won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor.
He has also won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.	He also had a successful music career. He won the Golden Horse Award for Best Original Song.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song The Years Flow Like Water. It's very catchy. Leslie Cheung sang it with his mellow voice and exquisite singing skills.	[3] His song Thousands of Songs is great. The lyrics and tunes are the reflection of the true feelings from the depth of the singer's heart. The song fully displays the parting of two people.
You'll like it.	Yeah, it's a great song.
[4] May I play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play this song for you?
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, the song Thousands of Songs is playing. Please enjoy it.
Ok, good night.	Yeah, talk to you next time.
Cecilia Cheung.	It's Bo Huang.
[2] Thank you. Speaking of Bo Huang, he is an excellent actor and has won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actor.	[2] Speaking of Bo Huang, he won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor.
Besides, Bo Huang is also the Best Actor of the Hundred Flowers Awards.	Yes, he has won so many awards, such as the Chinese Film Media Award for Most Popular Actor and the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor.
[3] Yes, you can watch his film, The Bare-Footed Kid, which is a documentary. It shows the hardships behind kung fu movies.	[3] I recommend his The Little Prince. It's a good movie, telling a sad story.
It's a love movie.	It's an animated drama film combined with adventures.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	Bye!
Hello, I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	Hello. I'm happy because I've made progress in my study.
Ha ha, thank you.	Thank you. I will study harder.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Fang Zheng.
Yes.	Yeah, hahaha.
Of course, I'm only six years old.	I'm turning to 27 after this lunar new year.
I like listening to music and watching news.	Nothing special. I'm a fangirl and I like to listen to music.
[6] Ha ha, I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you later.	[6] Heehee, I'm going to eat, goodbye.
Good evening.	Good evening.
I'm very happy. I've made progress in my study.	It's OK. But I'm a bit lonely.
My name is Xinqian Zhang.	Just call me Jingshan Hu.
You're right.	Yeah, you are smart.
I'm 52 years old.	I'm in my fifties.
Well, I like watching Bo Huang's news.	Yeah, I like to follow Andy Lau's news, watch movies and eat Kung Pao Chicken in King Chef Sichuan Cuisine.
[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[6] OK, OK. I'm going to sleep. I'll talk to you later.
I did very well in the exam today.	Hello, I've made progress in my study. I'm so happy!
Of course, I'll continue to work hard!	Hehe, thank you. You are sweet!
I like the movie No Man's Land best.	Yes, my favorite one is No Man's Land.
Nicholas Tse, of course.	It's Bo Huang for sure.
Yeah, he is a superstar in the mainland.	Yes, he won the 19th Huading Award for Best Leading Actor. You can't judge a book by its cover.
Yes, I really like him.	Hehe, I adore him the most. He is humorous and is regarded as the new " King of Comedy " after Stephen Chow!
Yes, I'm sure you'll like his movies as well.	Yes, I've seen most of his films!
I've seen it. I'm not interested in it.	I've seen this. I don't want to see it one more time.
What's the score?	I haven't seen this one. What kind of film is it?
That sounds good. I'll have a look when I have time.	I like adventure films the best. I must see it when I have time!
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm going to have dinner now. See you next time!	OK, thank you for your recommendation!
Bye!	OK, I'm looking forward to it. Goodbye!
Today is May 6, 2018.	December 26, 2018.
[2] Today is also Xiaoming Huang's birthday.	[2] OK, here's today's weather report: Light rain with a chance of sleet. Northeast winds. The high will be 8 ℃, and low 4 ℃.
Yes, remember to take an umbrella when you go out.	Keep warm.
Bye!	OK, I won't hold you up. Bye.
It's cloudy with northwest winds. The high will be 20 ℃, and low 10 ℃.	Cloudy to shower along with southeast winds. The high will be 26 ℃, and low 20 ℃.
[2] Thank you for your praise. Today's weather is suitable for eating Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] Thank you. Today I recommend Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil. It goes well with the weather!
Really? That's a very popular hot dish.	That's great. Rice is a perfect match with this hot dish.
I'm sure you'll like it.	OK, I hope you'll enjoy it!
Goodbye!	Be safe, bye!
Good afternoon!	What's up?
It's OK. It's boring.	It's all right. I'm just plain stressed out from my job.
But I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music now.
Kris Wu is my idol.	I like him. He sings very well.
Mm-hmm, he's really excellent.	He is not only popular, but also very good at acting. He won the 3rd China International Film Festival London for Best New Actor.
I'm not interested in this film.	I've watched this one. Any other recommendations?
How's the review?	Who is the director of the film?
How do people say about it?	Sounds good! I'll see it later.
Bye!	Bye!
It's 8 p.m.	It's 8:00 p.m.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, it's cloudy with northeast wind today. The highest temperature is 16℃, and the lowest temperature is 5℃.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, here's the weather report: Sunny early and cloudy later. Southwest winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and the low will be - 2 ℃.
My pleasure.	You're welcome.
Bye!	Bye!
Very good.	Not so hot.
I didn't do well in the exam.	I'm just plain stressed out from my job.
But I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music for the time being.
OK, I really like Jacky Cheung.	OK, I like him very much. Do you know a lot about him?
Jacky Cheung is really excellent. I like him very much.	Besides, he is the most popular Asian artist of Channel V, and won the World Music Award for Best-Selling Asian Artist and awarded Best Leading Actor at International Film Festival of India.
I've seen it.	I've seen it. I don't wanna see it for the time being
It seems pretty good. Maybe another one?	Who is the director? Does the film have a good reputation?
Then I'll definitely see it.	I'll go watch it sometime.
[5] OK, I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you next time.	[5] I have something else to do. Talk later.
Bye!	See ya!
There's light rain with northeast winds in Fuzhou today. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 3 ℃. Remember to take an umbrella when you go out.	OK. Mostly cloudy with southeast winds. The high will be 25 ℃, and low 20 ℃. The weather is good!
[2] You're welcome. This kind of warm weather is suitable for eating Marinated Fish.	[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for listening to Who's the Keyman. It's catchy a song with a lively rhythm.
It's Jiong He.	It's Jiong He.
[3] Can I play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you?
OK, I'm going to dinner. Talk to you later.	OK, it's playing for you.
That's what I ought to do.	Please enjoy it.
OK, bye!	OK, see ya!
I'm happy recently. I got a promotion.	It's not very good. I'm plain stressed out from my study.
Okay. Thank you for your concern.	Well, I usually listen to music and watch movies to relax.
Not really for movies at the moment.	Sorry, I don't want to talk about movies now.
Yes, I like him very much.	I'm a big fan of Bo Huang. He is a superb actor.
Yes. He has also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor. He is very excellent.	Bo Huang is also eloquent. I admire that, and I should learn from him.
I'm not interested in this song.	It's a good song indeed, but I've listened to it.
I haven't listened to this song. I have to listen to it.	I haven't heard this song before.
Wow, I'm really interested in Bo Huang's songs.	Really? I can't wait to hear it now.
Sure.	Yes. That'd be great.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'll talk to you next time.	OK, I'll give my whole attention to it.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'll talk to you next time. Bye.	[6] Yes, thank you. I gotta go. I'll chat with you later.
Bye!	OK.
Not bad.	It's not very good. I'm tired of taking care of my grandson.
Okay.	OK.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	But I don't want to talk about movies now.
OK, Leslie Cheung is my idol.	He is my idol.
Yes, he was also the winner of the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Original Film Song.	Yes, his films are good and his songs are good too.
I've heard this song before.	I've heard it recently. I don't want it now.
This one I've never listened to. How is it?	It should be good.
OK.	Then I'll listen to it when I have a chance.
Sure.	Sure.
Thank you. It's really good. Thank you for your recommendation.	It's nice. I love it.
Bye!	Bye!
Good evening.	Good evening.
Not bad. I got promoted.	Very good. I got paid today.
I don't want to listen to music now.	But I don't want to listen to music now.
Yes, I like him very much.	He's a popular host.
Yeah, he's also the Most Popular TV Host of China Student Television Festival.	He devotes his youth to his stage.
I've seen it.	Sorry. I don't want to see it for the time being.
Who is the director?	What's the score?
Wow, it's really good. I'll see it when I have time.	I'll try it.
Bye!	Byebye!
It's Leslie Cheung.	It's Leslie Cheung.
[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Leslie Cheung, he's a superstar in Hong Kong.	[2] You're welcome. He was so excellent. He was a famous film star in Hong Kong.
You really have a good taste. He was the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	He was shortlisted for Best Actor of Golden Horse Award five times. That's very impressive.
[3] I'd like to recommend a movie starred by him to you. It's called The Bare-Footed Kid. Leslie Cheung once again shows his ability to control songs.	[3] Maybe he was the so-called genius. By the way, you can check out his French style film Left Right Love Destiny. Leslie was elegant in it.
8.3.	The score is 8.3.
I'm sure you'll like it.	You will like it.
Bye!	See ya!
It's 8 p.m.	It's 8:00 p.m. sharp, Beijing time.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, it will turn from cloudy to sunny with northwest winds today. The high will be 19 ℃, and low 8 ℃.	[2] Hehe. By the way, here's today's weather report for Rizhao: Sunny early and mostly cloudy later. Northwest winds. The high will be 16 ℃, and low 10 ℃. There is a big  temperature difference. Please keep warm.
You're welcome.	You're welcome.
All right. Bye!	All right. Bye.
It's Leslie Cheung.	Hello, It is Leslie Cheung.
[2] Speaking of Leslie Cheung, he is a very charming man.	[2] You're welcome. Leslie Cheung was a very influential star.
He was also the Most Popular Asian Artist of Channel V. He was also one of the Top Ten Outstanding Young People in Hong Kong.	He was also one of the 100 outstanding Chinese actors in the past century, which is enough to show how excellent he was.
Yes, he was very dedicated.	[3] Yeah, those whom the God loves die young. All of his songs are very good. Where Are You Now, as Leslie Cheung's representative work, is recommended to you. As Leslie Cheung said, some songs have been recorded and will not be sung again on any occasion. Where Are You Now is such song.
Yes, it's very sad.	It's very nice. You can't help listening to it on repeat.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you?
Playing for you. Please enjoy.	Now, playing Where Are You Now for you now.
Bye!	Bye!
Good evening. I'm so happy today. I got paid.	It's very good. I got bonuses!
Of course.	Okay, I like making friends best.
My name is Pinglu Liu.	My name is Mingming Wu.
Yes, you are so smart.	You're right.
I'm 51 years old.	I'm 22 years old.
I like following stars, listening to music and watching news.	I usually like reading star information and movies
Well, I love Breaking Up On Rainy Days.	I like the film Port of Call.
[6] Well, I have something else to do.Goodbye.	[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.
Today's weather is sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 21 ℃ and low 12 ℃.	It'll turn from light rain to sleet with northeast winds in Nanjing today. The high will be 8 ℃ and low 4 ℃.
[2] It's a good day for Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce.	[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is very suitable for eating marinated fish. You can try it.
This hot dish is very delicious.	This hot dish is popular among people.
[3] If you want to eat it, you can go to Xiangyuxuan Marinated Fish. It has specialty marinated fish.	[3] You can eat delicious marinated fish in Shujiang Marinated Fish (located at Wanda Plaza in Jiangning District).
The price per person is 44 yuan.	It is 81 yuan per person.
It's at the southeast corner of the intersection of Tuolin Avenue and Jiangning Road in Jiangning District.	It's on the 4th floor of Wanda Plaza, Jiangning District.
It's 3.9.	It's 5. Not bad.
OK, I'm on it.	OK, I'll make a reservation for you.
Bye!	Goodbye.
Not bad, just a little busy at work.	It's not bad. I've been doing good in my study and leading an enjoyable life.
I will. Thank you.	Yes, such a wonderful life!
My name is Pinglu Liu.	My name is Yuzhen Hu.
Yes.	Yes, you are very smart.
I'm nine years old.	I'm twenty-seven years old.
I like listening to music and watching news.	I usually like to listen to music and watch the news sometimes.
Well, I like listening to the song named All the Things You Never Knew.	[6] Yes, I'm going out for a walk. I'll talk to you later.
Bye!	Yeah, bye!
Hello!	Good evening!
I'm very happy. I've been promoted recently.	It's OK, but my work is a little boring.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Fengxiang Lei
Yeah, you're smart.	Haha, yes, you said a right guess.
I'm 20.	I am 21.
I like watching movies and news.	I'm a fanboy, and I also like to see films.
Well, I like the movie named The Big Bowl Thick Noodles.	I like the movie Supernatural.
[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.
Today is May 6, 2018.	Today is September 16, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Bingbing Fan's birthday.	[2] Today is the birthday of Bingbing Fan. She is so dreamy and versatile.
You have a good taste. She won the Best Actress Award of the Houston International Film Festival.	Yes, no wonder she is such an amazing actress. She won the Asian Film Award for Best Leading Actress.
[3] Then I'd like to recommend you to see her movie named A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream. It's a wonderful movie.	[3] Haha, by the way, have you see her film Flash Point? The action scenes in it are good.
The score is 6.3.	The score is 7.1.
The director is Jianya Zhang.	It's the famous director Ye Weixin.
You're going to love it.	I believe you will like it.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Good morning. I'm fine. Work is easy.	Good morning! I'm on my way to school. I'm in a bad mood!
I didn't do well in the exam recently.	I did not do well in my exams, which is bothering me.
My name is Xinqian Zhang.	My name is Yuzhen Hu!
Of course I'm a man.	I'm a man.
I'm 27 years old.	I'm 28. I'm a young man.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	I like to listen to music and see films, which are very interesting!
Bye!	Byebye!
Good afternoon.	Good afternoon.
I'm in a good mood.	Study is easy so I'm in a good mood.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	Call me Xin Liu.
Ha ha, you are so smart.	You guessed right. That's right.
I'm 26 years old.	I'm 26.
I like to listen to music and watch movies.	Usually, I like watching the news of Jiong He and listening to Lonely Shadow.
[6] Yeah, yeah. I'm going to have a rest. Bye.	[6] Yes, I'm home. Talk to you next time.
It's Leslie Cheung.	Of course, the singer of And Me is Jiong He.
[2] Jiong He is a popular host of Hunan Satellite TV.	[2] By the way, Jiong He is an excellent host and the top host of variety show.
Yes, and he has also won the 25th Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.	It's true that Jiong He's good at hosting and he's also a director. He's no wonder the top host of variety show.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song All the Way, which is very catchy.	[3] By the way, I'd like to recommend Heartburn sung by Jiong He to you.
Yes, it's very popular.	It sounds very funny even now. This song will never make you bored.
[4] Do you want me to play this song for you now?	[4] How about playing Heartburn for you now?
Playing Heartburn for you.	Playing for you, please enjoy.
OK, see ya!	I won't disturb you then. Bye!
It's April 28, 2018.	It's Oct. 17, 2018.
[2] Today is also the birthday of Jimmy Lin, who was born on October 17, 1974.	[2] He he, kindly remind you that the weather today is cloudy with westerly wind. The maximum temperature will be 16℃ and the minimum temperature will be 3℃.
My pleasure.	You are welcome.
OK, see ya!	Okay, goodbye.
I'm very busy with my work recently.	I got my bonus today. I'm wondering where to go to reward myself.
I got my bonus today. I'm so happy.	Hehe, that's right. I often worked overtime some time ago.
I like listening to The Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream.	My favorite song is Rain.
I like him very much.	Yes, I like him best. I like to listen to his songs. It gives me special feeling.
Yeah, I really like his songs.	Yes, it's not easy to make the achievement. I hope he will be better in the future.
I've heard this song. Change it.	No, I've heard this song before!
It seems good. I'll listen to it.	The name of this song looks very good. I'm interested in it!
OK, let me try.	Of course, I won't miss my idol's songs!
Yes, please.	OK, play it now!
[6] Thank you. I have something else to do. I'll talk to you next time.	[6] Thank you. I'm going to have dinner too. Let's talk next time, goodbye!
Goodbye!	OK. Bye.
Mi Yang is Virgo.	Mi Yang is a Virgo.
[2] I also know that Mi Yang is a member of the jury of Cannes International Film Festival.	[2] Thank you for your praise. She's an accomplished post-85 icon in the entertainment circle.
Yes, she also won the Most Popular Actress of the Magnolia Award of Shanghai TV Festival.	Yes, she also won the Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress.
[3] Since you like her so much, I recommend you her movie named The Bare-Footed Kid, which is very good. It's a documentary about the life of a boy in the 1980s and 1990s. You can watch it.	[3] You have a good taste. Her movie Reset is very good. She and Wallace Huo act well in the film. Do you want to watch it?
It's good.	Not bad.
OK, you'll like it.	OK. I'm sure you'll like it.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	Today is August 26, 2018.
[2] Today is also the birthday of the star Bo Huang.	[2] Today is the birthday of the super star Bo Huang.
Besides, he also won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actor.	You're good at choosing idols. He's a super movie star. He is not only the Best Actor of Chinese Film of Huading Awards but also the China Film Director's Guild Awards for Best Actor.
[3] Well, I'd like to recommend to you a movie starred by him. It's called The Pirate. It's very good.	[3] Then the movie No Man's Land starred by him I'd like to recommend to you. It's a great domestic road movie.
It's good.	It enjoys a good reputation.
OK, hope you like it.	OK, I'm sure you'll like it.
OK, good night.	OK, goodbye.
Today is May 17, 2018.	Today is January 27, 2018.
[2] You know what? Today is also Ruby Lin's birthday.	[2] Today is the birthday of the Chinese Star Ruby Lin.
She is also the Best Actress of Hong Kong Film Critics Society Awards. Her acting skills are excellent.	She is not only the most popular actress in China in the 5th Seoul International TV Festival, but also the best supporting actress in the 5th Huading Award for Chinese movies
[3] Well, I'd like to recommend a movie starred by her, I'm sure you'll like it	[3] I'd like to recommend the movie Night Rose starred by her to you. It's a good movie.
The director is Xiaogang Feng.	Director Yue Hu and director See Yuen Ng.
It's a love movie.	It's a comedy and feature film with love story.
It won't let you down.	[4] Well, go ahead, goodbye.
OK, it's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	OK, playing the song Be Torn with Grief for you.
[2] You're welcome. Let me recommend another song You're Not Here sung by Jiong He. This song is full of strong classical flavor. You can listen to it.	[2] It's my pleasure. There's another song named Call Me by Your Name I'd like to recommand to you. It is a wedding gift from Albert Leung for Jacky Cheung. It's a precious gift. You can listen to it.
Well, how about Crying Palms? It's the theme song of the movie Heroes 2.	OK, how about the song Still Think You're the Best? This is one of Jacky Cheung's masterpieces among his Cantonese songs.
Yeah, it does.	Yeah, it's more pleasant to hear after Jacky Cheung changed it to Cantonese.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you need me to play this song for you?
OK, playing Still Think You're the Best for you.	Playing Still Think You're the Best for you now.
I'm glad you like it.	[4] Then go ahead and listen to the song.
That's all right.	That's all right.
Goodbye.	Goodbye.
OK, that's for you.	OK, playing Wish You Could Decide for you.
[2] You're welcome. Do you want to listen to Orchid Pavillion? This song is very good. The lyrics are classical and beautiful. Every note hits the heart. It's very catchy.	[2] Don't mention it. His another song Glamour Forever is quite popular from the perspective of audience. I'd like to recommend it to you.
OK, how about Still Think You're the Best? It's one of Jay Chou's representative Cantonese songs.	What about Run Toward the Future? It's interesting. Don't miss it. It's the theme song of the movie Heroes 2.
Yes, it's a very positive song.	It's also an excellent song sung by him.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you need me to play this song for you?
It's playing Run Toward the Future for you.	Playing Run Toward the Future now.
OK, see ya!	Talk to you next time. Bye.
Ruby Lin.	Of course, it's Jimmy Lin.
[2] Speaking of Jimmy Lin, he's a handsome idol.	[2] Do you know that he won the Huading Awards for Best Actor in Idol Dramas.
Yes, he's very excellent. He's also the Most Popular Male Celebrity of 2015 Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony.	It's rare to see a Chinese artist won a score of more than 9. He's great.
[3] Do you want to see his movie named Secret? It's very good. It's a comedy with good reputation.	[3] I'd like to recommend a movie named A Home Too Far II starred by him to you. It's very realistic. The characters fell in love with each other in the war while they can't be together!
It's a love movie.	It's an action movie.
I'm sure you'll like it.	You're going to love it.
See ya!	Goodbye.
Good evening.	Good evening.
No, I'm going to have a rest.	No, I'm staying at home.
I like watching Forever Young.	I like Forever Young pretty much recently.
Xun Zhou, of course.	I like Xiaoming Huang best.
Yes, I admire him very much.	Yes, and he won the 29th Golden Rooster Award for Best Actor.
Ha ha, he's really good at acting.	Yeah, he's indeed a good actor.
I've seen this one.	I've watched this one. I won't watch it for the time being.
What kind of movie is it?	What's the reputation of The Message?
I'll watch it when I have time.	Then I must watch it when I have time.
Bye!	Bye!
It's sunny with southwest winds today. The high will be 6 ℃ and low - 4 ℃.	In Changchun today it's cloudy with northwest winds. The maximum temperature will be -11℃ and the minimum temperature will be -20℃.
[2] Hehe, it's a good day to listen to the song named Heroes of Earth. It's a classic song among Leehom Wang's fans.	[2] Hehe, thank you, it is more suitable for eating Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce in this kind of weather.
The most important thing is that you will feel warm after eating it.	Yes, people who like to eat spicy food love this dish.
You can make a reservation at The Big Stuffing Dumpling Restaurant.	[3] Well, it's said that the Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce made by the Yuweitang Flavour Sichuan Cuisine is very tastey.
The price per person is about 32 yuan.	The price per person is OK, it's about 50 yuan.
It's at No.18, Fanyuehui East Road, Yuzhong District.	The address is at the intersection of Yatai Street and Fanrong Road in Nanguan District.
The score is 3.7.	The score is 3.5, you can try it.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you.	OK, I've made the reservation for you.
OK, good night.	Mm-hmm. Good night.
Very good.	Very good, especially today.
I did well in today's exam.	Yes, I got paid.
My name is Xiaoxiang Guo.	My name is Pinglu Liu. Just call me Lulu.
Yes.	You're smart.
I'm 36.	Thirty-seven.
I like listening to music.	Listen to the music, watch the news, and follow information about the stars.
[6] OK, but I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[6] Thank you. I'm home, goodbye.
Bye!	Uh huh.
I'm on my way home.	Nothing. I'm at school now.
Yes, I've been doing well recently.	Of couese not. I've been under a lot of pressure recently.
My name is Xinqi Yang.	My name is Xinxiang Yu.
Yes.	Yeah, you're smart.
I'm six years old.	Seven years old.
I like small animals, watching animation and listening to children's songs.	I like animals and animation.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6]I have to study.Goodbye.
It's sunny with northeast winds today. The high will be 13 ℃, and low 4 ℃.	The weather today will turn from suny to cloudy with south wind. The maximum temperature will be 15℃ and the minimum temperature will be 3℃.
[2] This kind of weather is suitable for eating Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] I'd like to recommend a song that is very suitable for today. It's I Belong to Love Tonight, which won the Oscar Award for Best Original Song.
Yes. It's also the theme song of the movie Heroes 2.	And it's very nice to hear. It's very comfortable to listen to. I never get tired of listening to it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	It's playing for you.
Bye!	See ya!
Type A.	It's type O.
[2] You're welcome. Kris Wu is a popular male star in China. Do you like him?	[2] Thank you. Kris Wu won the Best Actor Award of China Film Week of Tokyo International Film Festival.
He is also the most popular male star of the 2015 Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony.	Yes, and he's a good man. He's also elected the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony. He's outstanding.
[3] I recommend his song The Crescent. The song has a strong sense of rhythm. It's a very moving song. You can try it.	[3] The song Deserve sung by Kris Wu is very nice. Kris' voice is sexy in it. I'd like to recommend it to you.
I suggest you listen to it. It's very nice.	Then you must listen to it. It's a very nice song.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play this song for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	Playing Deserve for you.
Yeah, I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	OK, go ahead, goodbye!
Good afternoon.	Good evening.
Not bad. I just got paid.	It's not very good. My study is backward.
My name is Jiaofei Zhang.	Well, my name is Qizhen Ji.
Yes.	Ha ha, yes, thank you.
I'm 17 years old.	I'm 28 years old.
I usually like watching movies and news.	I like to listen to music.
[6] Yeah, I have something else to do.Goodbye.	[6] Hey, it's just OK. I'm home now.  Talk to you next time.
Bye!	Well, bye.
He's a Scorpio.	Xiaoming Huang is a Scorpio.
[2] You're welcome. Xiaoming Huang is a very good actor. He has won the Best Actor of the 12th China Image Film Festival.	[2] He he, Xiaoming Huang has won many national awards, such as big award like the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actor. Of course I know him.
Yes, he is also the Best Actor of the 12th Chinese Film Media Award. He's really excellent.	Yes, in fact, he is also very charismatic. Some people say that he could have be a shining star, but he is so restrained.
[3] Yeah, I'd like to recommend you to see his movie Unforgetable, which tells a love story with sincere feelings and sincere words.	But he is good at acting. You can watch Woman Who Flirt. There are many funny jokes in the movie. You gonna laugh a lot.
A comedy.	It's a comedy.
Well, it won't let you down.	All right.
All right. Bye!	Goodbye.
It's cloudy with northeast wind today. The maximum temperature is 17 ℃ and the minimum temperature is 9 ℃.	The weather today is sunny with southwest winds. The maximum temperature will be 11℃ and the minimum temperature will be -4℃.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] It's almost time for dinner. Do you have any interest on food recommendation?
How about Marinated Fish? It's delicious.	How about Sautéed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce?
It's a delicious dish.	[3] I recommend that you make a reservation for Sautéed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce at Kwonkimdo Korean Self-served BBQ and Hot Pot.
It's 51 per person.	The price per person is 44.
It's at No.74-4, Jinzhu West Road, Chengguan District.	The address is on the sixth floor of The World Square, the middle of Zhongshan Road.
The score is 4.1.	The score is 3.4.
OK, I'll do it now.	OK, I'm on it.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, playing In Deep Autumn for you now.
[2] You're welcome. Do you want to listen to Orchid Pavillion? It's an R & B style song. It's very catchy.	[2] It's my pleasure. How about listening to Jacky Cheung's Be Torn with Grief? It's a classic one among lyric pop songs. It's very pleasant to hear. You can listen to it.
I'd like to recommend you to listen to his Another Self. It's a song about memories. You can listen to it.	Yes, the song Still Think You're the Best is recommanded to you, which is one of Jacky Cheung's representative Cantonese songs.
It's a very affectionate song.	Believe me, you'll put it on repeat after listen to it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play this song?
OK, playing Still Think You're the Best for you now.	OK, here it goes.
You are welcome.	That's all right.
Goodbye.	OK, bye!
It's Xiaoming Huang.	It's Jimmy Lin.
[2] Thank you for your praise. Speaking of Jimmy Lin, he's a very popular idol.	[2] Do you like him? He's an ever-young prince charming in the entertainment circle.
Yes, he is also an idol. He won the 5th Huading Award for the Most Popular Actor in Taiwan.	I believe he is the prince charming of the whole nation. He is so handsome and rich.
[3] Since you like him so much, you can't miss his movie named Big Bowl Thick Noodles, which is starred by him.	[3] Yes. Do you like watching his movies? The movie No Sir is very good. It's a movie tells young people's stories. You can watch it.
It's 7.6.	The score is 6.6, which is very good.
It's good.	Not bad.
I hope you like it.	[4] Okay, goodbye.
Libra.	She's a Libra.
[2] You're welcome. You know what? Xun Zhou is a beauty who has won the Best Actress of Chinese Film Media Award.	[2] You're welcome. She won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress. Do you like her very much?
Then you really have a good taste. She has also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress.	Then you have a good taste.  There is infinitely powerful in her little body.
[3] I'd like to recommend another good movie, A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream, to you. It's a classic Chinese love movie.	[3] Do you want to watch her movie The Equation of Love and Death? It's a great movie. Zhou Xun deserves the big award.
It's 7.6.	7.3. You can watch it when you have time.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
Bye!	OK. Talk to you next time.
Hello!	Hi.
It's easy to work recently.	The work is very easy,  and I'm not busy.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Hainan Ren, hee hee.
Of course I'm a man.	I'm a man.
I'm 28 years old.	I'm 24 years old.
I like listening to music.	I'm a fan of stars, and I usually watching movies and listening to music.
Ha ha, because I like Leslie Cheung so much.	Ha ha, that's because I like Mi Yang very much.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.
Today is January 18, 2018.	December 6, 2018
[2] Thank you for your praise. Today is also Kris Wu's birthday.	[2] By the way, the weather in Luoyang today is cloudy with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 6℃ and the minimum temperature will be -5℃.
You're welcome.	Hee hee, you're welcome.
Bye!	See ya!
Good evening.	Hi.
I feel good. I just got paid.	I'm very happy. I got promoted!
I like the movie named A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream.	McDull, Prince de la Bun is not bad.
Na Xie, of course.	Andy Lau, of course.
Yeah, he's a superstar.	That's right. He's a perfect man, and I'll support him forever.
His acting skills are really great.	Of course, after all, he won the Most Contributing Asian Actor Award of Busan Film Festival.
I've seen it. I'm not interested in it.	I'm not very interested in movies about this period of history.
It seems that this movie belongs to a different type.	Sounds good. What's the score?
OK, I'll watch it.	I'll go and watchi it now.
See ya!	Bye!
It's Na Xie.	It's Aaron Kwok.
[2] Speaking of Aaron Kwok, he is the king of Asia.	[2] He is a Hong Kong movie star, a hunky man. Do you like him?
He is the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards. He is also the Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.	Well, he won the Golden Horse Award for Best Actor, and the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor. You have a good taste.
[3] Yes, and he is also a well-known artist in China. Have you seen his Rain? It's very impressive.	[3] I'd like to recommend an old movie called The Bare-Footed Kid to you, in which he played an unconventional hero. It's a great movie. You can watch it.
It's Ziguang Weng.	It's Johnnie To.
[4] OK, have a good time. Goodbye.	Mm-hmm. Hope you like it.
OK, see ya!	See ya!
It's 6 p.m.	It's 8 a.m
[2] It's cloudy to light rain with northeast wind in Nantong today. The high will be 17 ℃, and low 6 ℃.	[2] By the way, the weather today is cloudy with variable wind. The maximum temperature will be 26℃ and the minimum temperature will be 19℃.
Yes, it's a good day to have Poached Spicy Slices of Pork.	Good weather, good mood.
Bye!	See ya!
Hello, I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	I did well in the exam, and I ranked the third in the class.
I know it.	I will.
My name is Jiaofei Zhang.	My name is Jixuan Chao.
I'm a boy.	I'm a boy.
I'm eight years old.	I'm eight years old.
I like small animals, watching animation and listening to children's songs.	I like watching anime and listening to children's songs.
[6] Hey hey. I'm getting home, bye!	[6] Thank you, I'm going to bed, goodbye.
Bye!	Uh huh.
Good evening.	Good evening, hee hee.
I got a promotion.	I'm happy because I got paid today.
My name is Pinglu Liu.	I am Fangyang Liu, who is adored by everyone.
Yes.	You're smart.
I'm 28 years old.	I'm just 18.
I like adoring stars, watching movies and so on.	Usually I like watching news, soap opera and so on.
[6] Well, I'm going to have a rest. Talk later.	[6] well, I need to apply a facial mask.
Bye!	All right. Bye!
Very good. Easy study.	I was having an exam. And I did well in it.
Of course.	Sure.
My name is Yu Wang.	I'm  Xiaoxiang Guo.
Yes.	Yes.
I'm nine years old.	Yes, I'm nine and a half.
I like small animals, anime and nursery rhymes.	I like to play with small animals and watch anime.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6]I have to study.Goodbye.
The weather today will turn from moderate rain to light rain with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 18℃ and the minimum temperature will be 8℃.	The weather in Yangzhou today is sunny with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 9℃ and the minimum temperature will be 0℃.
[2] I'm flattered. This kind of weather is suitable for eating Spicy Crawfish. Would you like to try it?	[2] It would be nice to have Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce on such a fine day.
This hot dish is really delicious.	Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce is very popular.
[3] If you want to eat it, you can go to the Yuweitang Flavour Sichuan Cuisine(Normal University store). It's their specialty.	[3] If you want to eat, it is recommended that you go to Chongqing Wanzhou Marinated Fish. Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce is one of its specialty. You can also make a reservation on the restaurant.
The price per capita is about 39 yuan.	The price per person is about 47.
The score is 4.5.	The score is 4.7.
The address is at the southeast corner of the intersection of Luoshan road and Haiqu Road in Donggang District (diagonally opposite to China Pacific Insurance Building).	It's at Hanjiang District 304 County Road (diagonally across to the Li Xiang supermarket ).
OK, I'm on it.	The reservation has been successfully made for you.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Good afternoon.	Hey, how are you?
Not bad, it's easy.	I've benn under a lot of pressure recetly. It's too difficult.
I like watching Life Express.	I like Life Express best. It's excellent.
I like Bo Huang best.	Ruby Lin, of course. She's my Muse.
Yeah, she is excellent.	Yeah, she's really popular.
Yes, I like her very much.	Yes, she's excellent. Her career is getting better.
I've seen it.	I've watched the movie before.
I'm not interested in this movie.	How about the word of mouth?
Then I'll watch it.	Then I'll go to watch it.
Bye!	OK, goodbye.
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon.
It's easy to work recently.	I've been a little busy recently, but I'll be fine soon.
I like the movie Love Is Not a Game But a Joke best	I like Love Is Not a Game But a Joke best.
It must be Leslie Cheung.	I like Hsu Chi best.
Yeah, I like her very much.	Yes, she is very charming. I like her frankness very much.
Yes, she is a very good actress.	She's really excellent. She's beautiful and talented.
I've seen this movie. Any other recommendations?	Sorry, I'm not interested in it.
This one I've never seen.	Who are the leading actors?
That's good. I'll see it now. I'm going to have a look.	They are all good actors. I'll watch it when I  have time.
[6] OK, I'll talk to you next time, goodbye.	[6] Mm-hmm. I'm busy at work. Talk to you next time, goodbye.
Today is October 18, 2018.	Today is May 24, 2018.
[2] Today is the birthday of Cecilia Cheung, the star who was born on May 24th, 1980.	[2] It's my pleasure. Do you know that today is Cecilia Cheung's birthday?
Well, she is also the Most Popular Actress of the Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.	Well, it seems that she's your Muse. Your Muse was elected the Asian Outstanding Star at New York Chinese Film Festival.
[3] I'd like to recommend to you a movie starred by Cecilia Cheung, which is very good. It's called Help!!!. It's worth watching.	[3] Then I'd like to recommend the movie Help!!! starred by her to you. The directors and the actors are both goldpartners. The whole crew is perfectly matched. They're very good.
The director is Rengang Li. He has a good reputation.	The director of this film are Johnnie To and Ka-fai Wai. It's excellent.
It won't let you down.	You can trust me.
All right. Bye!	See ya!
Today, it will turn from cloudy to sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and the low 5 ℃.	Hello, good morning. The weather in Qingdao today will turn from sunny to cloudy with northwest wind. The maximum temperature will be 10℃ and the minimum temperature will be 4℃.
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for eating Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce.	[2] You're welcome. It is very suitable for eating Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil in today's weather.
Really? That's a good idea. This hot dish is very popular.	Yes, eating Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil in this cold winter is definitely the happiest thing.
[3] If you want to eat, I recommend that you order Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil at Zhongtian Sichuan Restaurant (Shiyi Road store).	[3] Ha ha, you're welcome. And if you want to eat Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil, I' dlike to recommend you to go to Wochi Spice (Wanxiang Plaza, Qingdao). Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil is the specialty of the restaurant.
The price per person is 50.	The average price of this restaurant is about 67. If you go to the restaurant, the dish will definatly be worth the money.
It's on the 4th floor of Wochi Spice (Wanxiang Plaza, Qingdao).	The address is at L543 (Hong Kong Middle Road), Wanxiang City, No. 10, Shandong Road, Shinan District. You can confirm the distance before you go there.
The score is 3.7. It's very high.	The score is around 3.3.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.
All right. Bye!	OK, see ya!
Today is October 15, 2018.	Hello, today is July 10, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Do you know today is Jacky Cheung's birthday?	[2] You're welcome. It's Jacky Cheung's birthday today. He was born on July 10, 1961.
Yes, he has won Golden Melody Award for Best Male Mandarin Singer and Golden Melody Award for Best Mandarin Male Singer.	He won the Golden Melody Award for Best Male Mandarin Singer, Ten Outstanding Young Persons of the World, and the 27th Golden Horse Award for Best Supporting Actor. He can sing and act.
[3] Then I recommend you to listen to his song One Dream. It's a simple but deeply rooted love song. Jacky Cheung successfully performed this song with his mellow voice.	[3] Jacky Cheung's songs are very nice. The song Can't Fight The Feeling fully shows the strength of the super singer. I'd like to recommend it to you.
I'm sure you'll like it.	You'll be attracted by it after listening to it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play this song?
Playing Can't Fight The Feeling.	Playing Can't Fight The Feeling for you now.
All right. Bye!	OK, see ya!
It's sunny with northeast winds today. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 8 ℃.	The weather today is cloudy with southeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 9℃ and the minimum temperature will be -8℃.
[2] Haha, it's a perfect day to eat Marinated Fish.	[2] Hei hei, Braised Chicken with Mushroom is recommanded to you in this kind of weather. It's delicious!
Yes, it's very nutritious.	Hey, you know it! The free range chicken in this dish can warm you up!
[3] If you want to eat it, you can order it at Huihuang Sichuan Cuisine (University Town Store).	[3] Yes, I wrote it down. If you want to eat it, you can go to the Country Love Dumpling Restaurant  to make a reservation. The restaurant is excellent in making this dish.
The price per person is 30 yuan. The address is No.123, Jinzhu West Road, Chengguan District. The score is 4.5	OK, the average price of this restaurant is 35. The address is at 96 Jinzhu West Road, Chengguan District. The score is 3!
OK, I'll make a reservation for you.	Mm-hmm, I believe you will have a happy lunch!
Good evening.	Good evening.
Recently, I'm very happy. I got my salary.	I've been under a lot of pressure on my study recently. I don't know how to ease it.
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	My name is Liyu Han.
I'm a boy.	I'm a boy.
I'm only six years old.	I'm 17 years old.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	I'm a fan of stars, and I like listening to music and watching news.
Ha ha, because I like Kris Wu so much,	Haha, because I like Leehom Wang so much,
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.
Today is January 18, 2018.	Today is November 6, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Kris Wu's birthday.	[2] You're welcome. Do you know today is still Kris Wu's birthday?
He has won the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony.	Haha, you'd better not forget your idol's birthday.By the way, he is a potential post-80s actor in the entertainment circle. He has won the Most Popular Male Celebrity of 2015 Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony.
[3] Let me recommend one of his songs for you. It's called Floral Sea. It's a very beautiful song. You can listen to it.	[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend you to listen to his Big Bowl Thick Noodles, which contains strong Chinese elements. The melody and lyrics integrate Eastern and western music together, and convey the fearlessness of the singer's natural and unrestrained attitude in the way of rap.
Yes, it's a very good song.	Yeah.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play the music for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	It's on.
Bye!	See ya!
Today is sunny with southwest winds. The high will be 19 ℃ and low 4 ℃.	The weather in Foshan today is overcast with southeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 27℃ and the minimum temperature will be 20℃.
[2] Today's weather is suitable for eating Marinated Fish.	[2] Hey, it's a nice day for eating Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil.
The taste of grilled grouper is very good.	Ha ha, this hot dish can warm your stomach up after eating it.
[3] You can order it at Little Pink Fish Sichuan Restaurant.	Look how craving you are for the fish!
OK, I'll make a reservation for you.	Well, go ahead, goodbye.
Of course I know. It's Leslie Cheung.	Of course. It's Hsu Chi.
[2] Speaking of Hsu Chi, she is a popular host in China.	[2] I also know that Hsu Chi was born in Taiwan, China. She is an excellent actress and won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress.
Besides, Hsu Chi has also won the Best Actress of the Golden Bauhinia Awards.	Indeed, Hsu Chi won the Chinese Film Ornamental Column Awards for Best Actres, a member of the jury of Cannes International Film Festival, and won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress.
[3] Then I recommend you to see the film starred by her. The film has a good reputation.	[3] By the way, I'd like to recommend you to watch Viva Erotica. The change in the characters in the story are very interesting and the performance is very good.
It's a feature film directed by Chucheng Ma.	This is a comedy feature movie directed by Tung-Sheng Erh.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I'm sure you'll like it.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Today is September 12, 2018.	Today is October 18, 2018.
[2] Thank you. You know what? Today is also Xun Zhou's birthday.	[2] I also know that today is the birthday of  Xun Zhou, who won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress.
You have a good taste. She has won the Best Actress of the Asian Film Awards and the Best Actress of the Chinese Film Media Awards.	Yes, you have a good taste. She won the Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress. She is very popular.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend you a movie "Secret". It's an interesting one, and it's worth seeing.	[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend the movie A West Lake Moment starred by her to you. It's very good. It's a relaxed, romantic and interesting film.
[4] Then you can go to see her movie Rene Liu's. Rene Liu's is a good movie. You can't miss it.	[4] There's a movie starred by Rene Liu called Siao Yu I'd like to recommand it to you. The script of the film is well adapted, and the emotional conflicts of the characters are intense.
The score of this movie is 6.4.	The score is 7.9.
I'm sure it won't let you down.	I believe you will like it.
OK, see ya!	OK, goodbye.
Good afternoon!	Hi.
It's easy.	I got my bonus today, hee hee.
But I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music right now.
I like him. He's the Most Popular Male Celebrity of 2015 Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony.	I like him, he's a popular young prince charming.
Yeah, he's really good.	He is also the Outstanding Youth of Sina Entertainment's 15th Anniversary Celebration, he's excellent.
I've seen it.	I have watched the film.
Who is the director?	Who is the director?
How do people say about it?	[5] It must be good. I'll watch it when I have time. I'm busy now. Bye.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	May 17, 2018
[2] Hey hey, you know what? Today is Leehom Wang's birthday.	[2] Do you know that it's Leehom Wang's birthday?
Leehom Wang is the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart.	He not only won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best New Actor, but also listed the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart.
[3] I'd like to recommend you his song Floral Sea. This song is very nice. Leehom Wang wrote a song with island style and the island style of the song is very beautiful. The island style of this song is very beautiful.	[3] I'd like to recommand the movie named The Sun Washed by Spring Rain to you. The song takes the light and lively guitar as the main tone and it shows humor wittily. The song is made in a rare seen folk song style by Leehom Wang.
Yes, it's very popular.	Have you ever heard of Unforgetable? This is the song for you to listen.
[4] Can I play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	It's playing for you.
OK, see ya!	See ya!
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon.
I've been busy with my work. I don't have time to rest.	I just finished the exam, but I didn't do well.
My name is Yu Wang.	My name is Yu Wang.
I'm a boy.	He he, I'm a boy.
I'm 8 years old.	I'm 8 years old.
I like small animals, watching animation and listening to children's songs.	I like watching anime and playing with small animals.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6] He he. Talk to you next time. I'm going home.
Good evening!	Good evening!
It's easy to study recently.	Don't mention it. I didn’t do well in the exam, I'll be critized by my parents.
I don't want to listen to music now.	I'm not in to mood to music right now.
I like him very much.	I like him very much. He won the Top Ten TV Hosts Award of the Third China Film and Television Network Influence Awards.
He is the perfect man in my heart.	He is really a good person.
I've seen it.	I don't want to watch it for the time being.
Who are the stars?	How about the word of mouth?
I'll watch it if I have time.	Then I'll watch it.
See ya!	Bye!
It's Leslie Cheung.	Hello, the lead singer is Leslie Cheung.
[2] Speaking of Leslie Cheung, he's an international superstar. He was one of the 100 outstanding actors in Asia on CNN.	[2] You're welcome. Leslie Cheung is an excellent star. The movie Farewell My Concubine starred by him won the Golden Palm Award.
Yes, he also won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Original Film Song.	He is also the first Chinese singer who’s well-known in the Korean music circle, and has won the Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards for Most Popular Actor.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Be Torn with Grief to you. Leslie Cheung once again shows his ability to control songs.	[3] The song Where Are You Now sung by him is very good. As Leslie Cheung said, some of the songs have been sung on the record and he will not sing it again on any occasion. This song Where Are You Now is just the case. You can try to listen to it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	This song is really classic. You will be intoxicated after listening to it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play this song?
Playing Where Are You Now for you.	Now, playing Where Are You Now for you now.
Bye!	Let's talk tomorrow, goodbye.
I'm very good recently. I've made progress in my study.	Everything is going well. My work is easy, and I'm happy.
I like listening to music.	Yes, yes, we must combine work with rest, so as to be efficient at work.
I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music for the time being.
Yes, I like him very much. He's my idol.	I know, I know, I like his songs very much, and I was conquered by his singing voice.
Yes, he's really good.	Indeed, it seems that I have a good taste.
I've seen it. I don't want to see it now.	Sorry, I don't want to watch it for the moment.
How's the review?	What's the reputation of this movie?
OK, I'll watch it if I have time.	I care about the word-of-mouth. Since it's OK, I'll have to watch it!
[5] OK, I'm going to work. Let's talk next time.	[5] Thank you for your recommendation. Talk to you next time. I'm going to deal with something else.
Bye!	Bye!
Kris Wu is 187cm.	Of course, Kris Wu is 187cm in height and 73kg in weight. He is a charming young idol!
[2] Speaking of Kris Wu, he is also one of the Top Five Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony.	[2] Of course, I also know that he won the Best Actor Award of China Film Week of Tokyo International Film Festival.
Besides, he is also a model of a good man. He has won the Most Popular Male Celebrity of 2015 Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony.	He is really excellent, and known as all-round prince charming. He won the Asia's Fashion Idol Award of Sohu Fashion Festival. You have a good taste!
[3] I recommend you to listen to his song Deserve, which is very good. Kris Wu's face in the MV is really handsome.	[3] His sings well too. I'd like to recommend the song There Is a Place to you. The picturesque lyrics with soothing melody and clear and moving singing, gently hit the hearts of the audience.
Yes, Kris Wu's singing is also very nice.	Sounds like you heard the song before?
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play the song for you now?
OK, There Is a Place is playing for you.	Playing for you. Please enjoy it.
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
It's sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 15 ℃ and low 4 ℃.	Kindly remind you that the weather in Hefei today is sunny with north wind. The maximum temperature will be 26℃ and the minimum temperature will be 14℃.
[2] Thank you for your praise. It's a perfect day to eat Tossed Clear Noodles in Chili Sauce.	[2] Hehe, on such a sunny day, I'd like to recommend a song named Fireworks Cool Easily to you. The lyrics of the song are classical and beautiful, and the artistic conception is far-reaching. It's pleasant to hear!
Jay Chou.	It's Jay Chou.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Need me to play it for you?
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, playing the song for you. Please enjoy it!
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	Goodbye, friend.
It's Jacky Cheung.	It's Xiaoming Huang.
[2] Thank you. Xiaoming Huang has won the 25th Golden Rooster Award for Best Actor.	[2] Hehe, Xiaoming Huang's acting skills are excellent. He won the Best Actor Award in the 12th China Changchun Film Festival. I know him of course.
He has also won the Best Actor Award in the 15th China Changchun Film Festival.	Let me tell you more. He also won the Best Supporting Actor Award of Asian Film Awards.
[3] Well, I'd like to recommend his movie, A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream. You can have a look.	[3] Well, the best way to support him is to support his works. The movie Sacrifice starred by him enjoys a good reputation. You can try it.
The score is 7.4.	6.5.
OK, hope you like it.	Ok.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
She is 168kg.	Hi, Mi Yang is 45kg now.
[2] Thank you. She's really a good actress. She has won many awards.	[2] I also know she is 168cm in height.
Mm-hmm, she is also the Most Popular Actress of the Golden Eagle Award of China TV.	She is not only good in stature, but also listed the Most Anticipated Actress.
[3] I'd like to recommend a movie starred by her. It's called The Bare-Footed Kid. It's very good.	[3] There happened to be a movie Love in The Buff starred by her I'd like to recommand to you. The movie is warm, tortuous, and the sincere love is very touching.
The director is Zhiliang Luo.	The director is Ho-cheung Pang.
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
Today's weather is cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 18 ℃ and low 8 ℃.	My dear master, the weather in Lhasa today will turn from cloudy to sunny with southeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 7℃ and the minimum temperature will be -8℃.
[2] Hehe, this kind of weather is suitable for listening to The 18 Martial Arts. It's a great song that combines hip-hop and Chinese style.	[2] Hei hei, it is suitable for eating Braised Chicken with Mushroom in this kind of weather. Would you like to try it?
Well, this hot dish is very popular.	The dried agrocybe cylindracea and brown champignon taste great, too. It's a great food!
[3] If you want to eat it, I recommend you to go to Lhasa Hunan Cuisine. Braised Chicken with Mushroom is their specialty. Would you like to try it?	I'm sure you'll like the dish.
All right. Bye!	Well, have a nice meal. See you next time!
Yes, Jimmy Lin is type O.	He's type O.
[2] I also know that he has won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actor.	[2] You're welcome. He's very famous. He won the 2003 American International Outstanding Youth Award.
He has also won the 2003 American International Outstanding Youth Award. He's an excellent actor.	Yes, and he won the Most Appealing Actor Award of China TV Drama Awards.
[3] You can see his movie Secret, which is an interesting suspense film. I recommend it to you.	[3] It seems that you like him very much. I'd like to recommend the movie To Miss with Love starred by him to you. The leading actors are young back then.
There are Jiong He, Zhenwei Liu and Xiaogang Feng.	The leading actors include Dicky Cheung, Athena Chu and Jimmy Lin.
It won't let you down.	Yes, it's worth seeing.
Bye!	All right. Bye!
Today is August 26, 2018.	Today is April 28, 2018.
[2] You know what? Today is also Jiong He's birthday.	[2] Today is the birthday of Jiong He, who is a very good person.
He is also a popular host of Hunan Satellite TV.	He is not only a great host, but also a good singer.
[3] Do you want to listen to the song named All the Way? Jiong He's voice is very infectious.	[3] His song Another Self is recommended to you. I hope you like it. Jiong He has integrated the voice of challenging "another myself" and fulfilling the dream of directing into the song when he's 41 years old. The song expresses his youth attitude of it's never too late to do what you want.
Do you want to listen to it now?	His singing is really refreshing.
[4] May I play this song for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play this song for you?
Another myself is playing for you.	Playing Another Self for you.
Not a problem at all, as long as you like it.	You're welcome. It's my pleasure to play the song for you.
Bye!	Goodbye, talk to you next time.
It's cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 18 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	The weather today is light rain with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 21℃ and the minimum temperature will be 19℃.
[2] It's a good day to eat Marinated Fish.	[2] It's a nice day today. Eating Spicy Hot Pot would be very suitable for this weather.
Spicy Hot Pot is very nutritious.	That's great. The taste of spicy noodles is the most unforgettable, right?
[3] If you want to eat, you can go to The Big Stuffing Dumpling Restaurant. Spicy Hot Pot is their specialty.	[3] I'd like to recommend that you order Spicy Hot Pot in the authentic Wanzhou Marinated Fish Chongqing Chicken Hot Pot.
The address is No.198 Nujiang North Street, Hanjiang District (diagonally opposite to China Pacific Insurance Building). The price per capita is 50 yuan and the score is 3.5.	The store is located at the second store (next to A-Ming Porridge Pot Restaurant) in Student Street of Agricultural and Forestry University, Jinshan Road, Cangshan District. The average price per person is 30 yuan and the score is 4.
Yes, the reservation has been successfully made.	OK. Have a nice meal.
Bye!	Okay, goodbye.
I'm in a bad mood today.	I'm in a bad state of study today.
It's too much pressure on study.	I failed today's exam, and I'm not in a good state of study.
I don't want to listen to music for the time being.	I don't want to listen to music right now.
I want to know about his achievements.	I'd like to know the comments on Kris Wu.
Kris Wu's works will never let people down.	Well, I'm looking forward to his good works.
I've seen this movie. Any other recommendations?	I've watched this movie before. Change one.
Who are the stars?	Who is the protagonist of the film?
Sounds good! I'll see it sometime.	They're all my favorite. I'll go home and watch it.
See ya!	Bye!
It's not bad recently. I've been promoted.	Everything is going well. It's easy on my study.
Sure.	OK.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Xiaolu Zeng.
Yes.	Wow, you're so smart. I am.
I'm eight years old.	I'm just 17 years old.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	I'm a fangirl and and I like to watch movies.
[6] Yes, I have something else to do.Goodbye.	[6] Yeah, I'm going to study.
Bye!	Bye!
The lead singer of this song is Leehom Wang.	The lead singer of this song is Leehom Wang.
[2] Leehom Wang is the king of pop music.	[2] You're welcome. Leehom Wang is an excellent star. Do you like him?
Indeed, he has also won the 15th Huading Award for Best Singer in Asia. He's excellent.	Yes, he won the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart, which is an important award.
[3] Would you like to listen to Leehom Wang's Chinese Soul? The song integrates the eastern and western elements and makes innovations to better integrate rap music with Chinese traditional culture. The lyrics and melody integrate Eastern and Western elements and make innovations to better integrate rap with Chinese traditional culture.	[3] His song Kiss Goodby is excellent. It is a simple, natural and pleasant lyric song. The song fully shows the unique charm of Leehom Wang's innovative Chinked-out music style.
Yes, it is.	Yes, this song was perfectly performed by Leehom Wang's with his powerful singing skills. You can't help putting it on repeat after listen to it.
[4] Do you want me to play this song for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you?
Kiss Goodby is playing for you.	Playing Kiss Goodbye now.
OK, bye!	Yeah, bye!
Hello, I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	Well, not so good. The pressure of study is so heavy.
Well, thank you for your encouragement. I will.	Mm-hmm. I'll try what you said.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Lixiang Ma.
Yeah, you're smart.	That's good. You guess right. I'm a girl.
I'm nine years old.	I'm just 20 years old.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	My hobby is to following the news of the stars I like, pay attention to the news of idols and watch movies.
[6] Well, I'm going to bed. Talk to you next time.	[6] It's a good idea. I feel better chatting with you. It's late. I'm going to bed.
Bye!	Bye!
It's Jiong He.	It's Jiong He.
[2] Jiong He is the most popular host of Hunan Satellite TV.	[2] Thank you. I also know that Mr. He was born in Yuhua County, Changsha City, Hunan Province, China. His birthday is April 28, 1974.
Well, you have a good taste. He has won the Excellent Host Award of the 25th China TV Golden Eagle Award.	Yes, and he is also one of the Top Ten TV Hosts with the Most Network Influence in the Third China Film and Television Network Influence Conference.
[3] I recommend you to see his song All the Way. The whole song is very catchy.	[3] He's also a singer. I recommend his All the Way to you. Miracle belongs to those who believe in it.
Yes, and it's sung by Jiong He.	Then you can listen to it again.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want to play the song All the Way for you now?
All right.	OK, let's play Jiong He's All the Way.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
OK, I'm playing it for you.	Kangding Love Song is playing for you.
[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend you a song of Leehom Wang. This song The Sun Washed by Spring Rain is a classic Chinese folk song.	[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend another song Self Directed Act, which is also sung by Jay Chou. It's an R & B style song, not bad.
Then you must listen to the song All the Things You Never Knew, which is also sung by Jay Chou. This song is full of strong classical flavor. It's worth listening to.	Yes. Have you ever listened to Floral Sea? It's a song full of island style. Jay Chou sings with island singing style, which has a soothing power.
Yes, Jay Chou's songs are really beautiful.	Yes, this song is copyrighted on other platforms. It's free here. Don't miss the chance to listen to it for free. Do you want to listen to it?
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Play it for you now?
Playing Floral Sea for you.	Playing Floral Sea for you.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Not good. I didn't do well in the exam.	Oh, don't mention it. It's not good recently.
OK, I will.	I didn't do well in the exam.
Well, I will.	Mm-hmm, thank you.
My name is Fangyang Liu.	My name is Ping Liu Lu.
Man, for sure.	Hey, hey, it's a girl.
I'm just 18 years old.	I'm 19 years old, and I'll nearly be twenty.
I like listening to music and watching news.	I like to watch movies.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	Yeah, but my favorite movie is Crazy Stone.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Fortunately, it's nice to chat with you. I'm going to school soon. Talk to you when I have time.
Bye!	Bye!
Good afternoon.	Good afternoon.
It's easy to study recently.	It's very good recently. I've also paid a bonus
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	My name is Li Xu.
Ha ha, yes, you are so smart.	Yes. Of course.
I'm 36.	I'm 55 years old.
I like adoring stars and watching movies.	I like to listen to music and watch the news occasionally.
See ya!	OK, see ya!
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon!
On the way home.	I am on my way home.
I don't want to listen to music now.	Thank you. I don't want to listen to music now.
He is my idol.	I know, my idol.
Thank you for your compliment.	Ha ha, it's OK. I've paid bonus recently.
I've seen it. I don't want to see it now.	I don't want to see this. Anything else?
Who is the director?	How do people say about it?
Then I'll see it.	All right. I'll see it.
Bye!	Well, next time, goodbye.
Yes, I'm very busy with my work recently.	I've been under a lot of pressure recently.
I see. Thank you.	OK, I see
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Qizhen Ji.
I'm a lady.	A boy, of course.
I'm 27 years old.	I'm 54 this year.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	I usually like watching movies, chasing stars or something.
I like watching Yesteryou Yesterme Yesterday II.	OK, I like Yesteryou Yesterme Yesterday II best.
[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[6] Yeah, I'm going to have a meal. Talk to you next time.
It will turn from sunny to cloudy with northwest wind today. The maximum temperature will be 17℃ and the minimum temperature will be 8℃.	Today it will turn from light rain to cloudy without continuous winds. The high will be 15 ℃, and the low 10 ℃.
[2] This kind of weather is suitable for listening to You're Not Here. It's an episode in the TV series Don't Love Me. It's a song about the courage and confidence to break through the world, which is also very touching.	[2] This kind of weather is suitable for eating Duck Blooding Chili Sauce.
Then you can try it today.	Only delicious food can't be missed.
[3] Well, I recommend you to order Duck Blooding Chili Sauce from Laoqi Sichuan Restaurant.	I wish you a good meal in advance.
See ya!	See ya!
Pretty good. I did well in the exam.	I do well in the exam, so I'm in a good mood.
OK.	Of course.
My name is Lingwen Niu	My name is Fangyang Liu.
Yes.	You are very clever.
I'm 17 years old.	I'm 17 this year.
I usually like watching movies.	I follow the entertainment stars, and I like  watching movies and so on.
[6] Well, I'm going to dinner. Let's talk later.	[6] Yes, I have something else to do. See you later.
Bye!	Bye!
Rainbow is playing for you.	Rainbow is playing for you.
[2] I'm flattered. Do you want to listen to Heartburn? It's a good song.	[2] This is what I should do. I recommend There's a place to you. It's a song about memories. The lyrics are a calm confession to the beloved. The simple lyrics are about real and green love.
Yes, I recommend you to listen to his Another Self. It's a song about the self, which is also a song about the memory.	Yes, I recommend From Now On to you. The whole song is fresh and smooth, and the melody is warm and lyrical.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	This song is really good.
[3] May I play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you?
OK, There's a place is playing for you.	Playing From Now On for you
You're welcome. It's my pleasure.	You're welcome. As long as you like it!
Bye!	Bye!
It's 12:00 at noon.	It's 6 p.m.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 5 ℃.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, it will turn from sunny to cloudy with north winds. The high will be 16 ℃ and the low - 1 ℃.
You're welcome.	You're welcome.
Bye!	Bye!
It's light rain with northeast winds today. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 6 ℃.	Hello, it's cloudy with northeast winds today. The high will be 15 ℃ and the low 10 ℃.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Peanuts with Black Vinegar.	[2] Well, in this kind of weather, you can listen to a song You're Not Here. This song interprets the loneliness and powerlessness of love between men and women, and has a strong penetrating power.
Yes, it's sung by Jiong He.	Yes, this song is sung by a famous singer Leehom Wang.
[3] Do you want me to play You're Not Here for you?	[3] Do I need to play this song for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	The song You're Not Here is playing for you.
All right. Bye!	All right. Bye!
It's 8 p.m.	It's November 3, 2018, 7:00 a.m!
[2] You're welcome. By the way, it's cloudy with northeast wind today. The highest temperature is 17℃, and the lowest temperature is 12℃.	[2] You're welcome. Today in Nanchang, it is cloudy with east winds. The high will be 21 ℃ and the low 14 ℃!
You're welcome. I'm glad to serve you!	I wish you happy every day!
Bye!	Bye!
Good afternoon.	Good afternoon. Nice to meet you, too.
Yes. I got promoted.	I did well in the exam.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	Hello, my name is Xiaoqian Ren.
Of course I'm a girl.	I'm a fairy!
I'm six years old.	I'm 18 years old! I'm just young.
I usually like to listen to music and watch the news.	I like following news of celebrities, watching movies and listening to songs.
Bye!	Bye!
Good afternoon!	What's up?
It's good recently. I've got promoted.	Very good. I enjoy a happy life. The study is easy.
My name is Qizhen Ji.	My name is Qiwen Zeng.
Yeah, you're smart.	Ha ha, you're right.
I'm eight years old.	I'm not 18 years old yet.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	I like watching movies and watching the news.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
It's Cecilia Cheung.	Bingbing Fan!
[2] You're welcome. Bingbing Fan is known as the sexy goddess in the entertainment circle. Many people like her.	[2] Hehe, she is a famous movie star!
Yes, her acting is also very good. She has won the Best Actress Award of the Asian Film Awards.	She is not only beautiful, but also powerful. She has won many awards, including the Best Actress at Tokyo International Film Festival.
[3] I'd like to recommend a movie to you, which is called Beautiful. Her acting is very good. You can watch it.	[3] These awards are the best proofs of her acting. I recommend her movie Buddha Mountain to you. It's great to see Fan Bingbing's performance.
The director is Haoxiang Peng.	It's director Yu Li!
I'm sure you'll like it.	I believe you will be satisfied.
OK, goodbye!	OK, goodbye.
I'm on my way home.	I'm not be able to do my homework recently. I'm upset.
OK, I see. Thank you.	Well, I'll try my best.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	Xuanhang Wang.
Yeah.	Yeah
17 years old.	6 years old.
I usually like to play with small animals.	Listen to music, watch animation, and animals. I also like to play with them.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6]I have to study.Goodbye.
Today's weather in Qinghuangdao is cloudy with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 20℃ and the minimum temperature will be 9℃.	Today it's sunny without continuous winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and the low 1 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. It's suitable to eat Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce in such weather.	[2] In fact, today's weather is more suitable for listening to You're Not Here. This song interprets the loneliness and powerlessness of love between men and women, and has strong penetrating power. Would you like to have a try?
It's Jacky Cheung.	This song is sung by Leehom Wang.
[3] Do you want me to play You're Not Here for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
You're Not Here is playing for you.	It's playing for you.
Not a problem at all, as long as you like it.	So long as you like it.
Bye!	I'd like to chat with you next time, goodbye.
Today's weather in Yangzhou is sunny with no continuous wind direction. The maximum temperature is 20℃ and the minimum temperature is 12℃.	Today it will turn from overcast to cloudy with south winds. The high will be 20 ℃ and the low 10 ℃.
[2] It's a perfect day for eating Kung Pao Chicken.	[2] It's very cold at night. This kind of temperature is very suitable for eating Marinated Fish.
This hot dish is very popular.	Baked grouper tastes delicious.
[3] You can order Marinated Fish at Wanzhou Marinated Fish.	[3] It is recommended that you book Marinated Fish in Chishangyin Roasted Fish. It's better in this restaurant.
51.	18 per person.
The address is No.270 Zhongshan Road, Shinan District (next to the passage from hall A to Hall C).	The address is at NO.139 Xinhua West Street, Longyao (50 meters west of Chinatown children's Park).
3.7.	It's 3.5.
OK, I'm on it.	OK, I'm making a reservation for you.
Bye!	OK.
On the way home	I'm staying at home. I didn't do well in the exam today.
I'll work hard.	Well, I see. Come on.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Pinglu Liu.
Yes, you're smart.	Yes, you even know that.
I'm 26.	18.0
I like watching movies.	It's OK, just watch movies and listen to songs.
[6] Yes, I have something else to do.Goodbye.	[6] Well, I'm going to have a rest.
Bye!	See ya!
He's a Libra.	Tiger.
[2] Thank you. Jimmy Lin is a great idol.	[2] Of course, but did you know that he was also the first paid professional racing driver in Taiwan.
He is a very good man. He won the 2003 American International Outstanding Youth award.	He is not only handsome, but also an amazing all-round player.
[3] Do you want to see his movie,  The Sun Washed by Spring Rain? It shows the hardships behind the kung fu movie.	[3] His acting skill is really good. I recommend A Home Too Far II to you. It's OK. The picture is a little bit poor. Liang Chaowei and Wu Mengda perform well. It's a little bit touching.
Comedy.	It's a war movie.
You're going to love it.	You're gonna love it.
Bye!	See ya!
It's 8 p.m.	It's 8 a.m.
[2] Do you want to know about the weather?	[2] Today, there will be shower with northeast winds. The high will be 27 ℃ and the low 18 ℃.
My pleasure.	You're welcome.
Bye!	See ya!
It's Xiaoming Huang.	It's Cecilia Cheung.
[2] Thank you. Cecilia Cheung is a popular actress in Hong Kong.	[2] Ha ha ha, I have to! In fact, I know a lot about this local celebrity in the entertainment industry.
Of course. She has won Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress and Golden Horse Award for Best Actress.	It's not hard for me. There are the Best Actress Award in the 23rd Hong Kong Film Awards, the Top Ten Golden Songs for the Most Popular Newcomer Award, etc.
[3] Well, I'd like to recommend you a movie named "Unforgetable 2: The Lost Legend" starred by Cecilia Cheung. It's a classic love movie in Hong Kong.	[3] Ha ha, if you are interested in her, I recommend you to see her The Legend of Speed. At that time, Bozhi was so cute!
Not bad.	Not bad.
OK, hope you like it.	Mm-hmm, don't miss it!
Bye!	Goodbye!
OK, it's playing for you.	Sure. I'll show you Rainy Night Romance right away. Please enjoy it:
[2] Well, I'd like to recommend another song of Jay Chou, All the Things You Never Knew, which is the theme song of the TV series Don't Love Me. You can listen to it.	[2] Do you want to listen to Be Torn With Grief sung by Jacky Cheung? It's a classic of lyric pop songs.
OK, how about I Can't Forget You sung by Jacky Cheung? This song is also a classic in the hearts of Jacky Cheung's fans.	Well, let's change to his Still Think You're the Best, which won the Silver Award for National Professional Promotion in the Music World.
Well, it's really good. I recommend it to you.	You should listen to it. It's sung by King of songs. You can't miss it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Can I play it for you now?
OK, I'm on it.	OK, I'm playing it for you. Enjoy it.
OK, see ya!	OK, please remember to talk to me. Bye!
Yes, September 16, 1981.	It's September 16th.
[2] You're welcome. Bingbing Fan is a popular actress in the entertainment circle. She is also the Most Popular Actress of the Chinese Film Media Award.	[2] Do you like Bingbing Fan, who has been an influencial female star in the past one hundred years.
Well, you have a good taste. She has won Hundred Flowers Awards for Best Actress.	She's also the Best International Artist of the Year in Hollywood. You have a good vision.
[3] Since you like her so much, I recommend you to see her movie, The Bare-Footed Kid. It's a great movie.	[3] Do you follow her movies? Her movie Flash Point is worth watching, perfectly proper in actions.
It's good.	Good reputation. The score is 7.1.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I'm sure you'll like it.
OK, see ya!	Bye, next time.
Good evening.	Good evening.
OK, I like making friends best.	Sure.
My name is Ming Sun.	Linglu Li.
Yeah.	Yeah, you're smart.
I'm 18 years old.	I'm still a child, 17 years old.
I like to listen to music.	I like listening to music and watching movies.
Thank you for your compliment.	[6] Mm-hmm. it's getting late. I'm going to have a rest.
Good night.	Good night.
Good afternoon!	Hi.
I've made progress in my study recently. I'm very happy.	It's a little bit stressful.
Call me Fangxia Liu.	Just call me Yuzhen Hu.
Yeah.	Yes, such a sunny name.
I'm 8 years old.	I am 26.
I usually like listening to music and watching news.	I usually like to care about Kris Wu's news and listen to music.
Bye!	All right. Bye!
It's Capricorn.	Well, he's Capricorn.
[2] Jay Chou is a superstar in Asia. He has won the 15th Huading Awards for Best Singer in Asia.	[2] Hey, I'm flattered. Speaking of Jay Chou, he won the Favourite Artist at the MTV Asia Awards two times.
Yeah, and he has won the Golden Melody Award for Best Mandarin Male Singer four times.	Moreover, he has won 15 Golden Melody Awards, and also won the Golden Melody Award for Best Male Mandarin Singer two times.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his Rain. It's Jay Chou's first attempt at electronic dance music.	[3] I recommend his song Snake Dance to you. Jay Chou is a great singer! The whole song uses hip-hop to mix the music style of Egypt and the Middle East, as well as tempting singing, creating a unique and charming hip-hop duet song.
Yes, it's very popular.	Snake Dance is the most mysterious and enchanting song in the album Capricorn
[4] Can I play it for you now?	[4] Yes, would you like to play Snake Dance for you?
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, it's playing.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
It's type o.	Kris Wu's blood type is O.
[2] Speaking of Kris Wu, he's a popular male star in the 2015 Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony.	[2] Speaking of Kris Wu, he is the star and the Most Popular Male God of the 2015 Asian Influential Oriental Grand Ceremony.
You have a good taste. He has also won the Asian Fashion Idol Award of Sohu Fashion Festival.	Yes, he also won Asia's Fashion Idol Award of Sohu Fashion Festival, which is really good.
[3] I recommend you to watch the song Deserve(Live). Kris Wu sings very well. It's a very affectionate song.	[3] Yes, his song Deserve is worth listening to. His voice is catchy.
Yes, Kris Wu's singing is really good.	Yes, it's a nice song.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Would you like to listen to it now?
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, it's playing Deserve.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Good afternoon.	Good afternoon!
I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	Work is easy; everything goes well
But I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music now.
I like him very much.	I like him very much. He also won the Best Host Award of Hunan Satellite TV.
Mm-hmm, he is also the star of the China Charities Aid Foundation for Children.	My idol is indeed great.
I've seen it before.	I don't want to see it now.
Who is the director?	How is the rating of this store?
I'll see it sometime.	Then I'll watch it.
Bye!	Bye!
OK, playing now.	OK, playing now.
[2] You're welcome. I recommend you to listen to Self Directed Act. It's the theme song of a movie.	[2] This is what I should do. By the way, this song All the Things You Never Knew is also very good. This song is full of strong classical flavor, profound and sincere words and music, and every note hits the heart. I recommend you to listen to it.
What about November Rain? It's a nice song.	Well, there's another song "need some company". Even if you've heard it, you won't be tired of it. It's a lonely voice of urban people. It's highly recommended.
Yes, it's a sad song.	What about a song that resonates with the audience.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Can I play it for you now?
OK, playing now.	OK, I'm playing Need Some Company for you.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	See ya!
Today is sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 8 ℃ and low - 4 ℃.	Today, Chongqing is light rain with variable winds. The high will be 18 ℃ and the low 15 ℃.
[2] It's a good day to eat Sautéed Sweet and Sour Pork Tenderloin.	[2] This kind of warm weather is suitable for eating Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil.
Fish is also very nutritious. You can try it.	Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil is really delicious.
[3] The restaurant Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil is very popular. You can book in advance.	[3] I happen to know a restaurant and recommend you to order Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil at Sansheng Sanwei Tantra Sichuan Food(Longfor Paradise Walk Store).
It is 44.	59.0
The address is at the southeast corner of the intersection of Longfor Paradise Walk and Yatai Road in Nanguan District.	The address is: 5th floor, Longhu Shidai Tianjie, 174 Shiyou Road, Yuzhong District (next to the passage from hall a to Hall C).
The score is 4.2.	The score is 3.9.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you.	OK, I'll make a reservation for you.
Good night.	Bye!
He's a Taurus.	He's Taurus.
[2] I'm flattered. Jia He is a popular host in China.	[2] It doesn't matter. I also know that he is a popular variety show host in the mainland.
He has also won the Excellent Host Award of the 25th China TV Golden Eagle Award.	He is married now. He is very kind.
[3] You can listen to his song All the Way, which is very good. It's a hip-hop song with deep affection. It's full of the fragrance of nature.	[3] I'd like to recommend a song Gardenia. It's catchy, fresh with natural melody and lyrics, with a very strong campus atmosphere.
You'll love it.	Yeah, it's very lyrical.
[4] Can I play it for you now?	[4] Do you want to play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	I'll play it for you right away.
See ya!	I'm glad you like it. Byebye.
Today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 2 ℃ and low - 6 ℃.	Today it will turn from sunny to cloudy, no continuous wind direction. The high will be 10 ℃ and the low - 3 ℃.
[2] It's a good day to eat Marinated Fish.	[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for Steamed Pork with Preserved Vegetable.
This hot dish is very popular.	This hot dish is warm in my stomach. I can't miss it.
[3] Steamed Pork with Preserved Vegetable of Huihuang Sichuan Restaurant is a good choice.	Have a nice meal.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Yes, it's Leslie Cheung.	Of course, it's Jay Chou.
[2] Do you like Jay Chou? He's a Chinese star in the entertainment circle.	[2] Jay Chou is a musician of great attainments, then he turns to directing.
He has also won the Best Selling Artist in China of the World Music Awards four times.	He was also the Favourite Artist Taiwan at the MTV Asia Awards and won Golden Melody Award for Best Male Mandarin Singer.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his song Chinese Soul. The song is full of strong classical flavor, profound and sincere words and music, and each note hits the heart.	[3] I recommend you to listen to Rooftop sung by him. It's a typical Jay Chou style work. It's undeniable that this song has strong artistic characteristics of Jay Chou. It's very catchy.
Many people like it.	Some people say after listening: how to save the layman who collapsed in the night.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
Today is May 24, 2018.	Today is November 13, 2018.
[2] Today is also Xiaoming Huang's birthday.	[2] You're welcome. Today is also a star's birthday. Do you know who it is?
It's Xiaoming Huang.	Xiaoming Huang, the Most Popular Actor in the 11th Chinese Film Media Awards.
[3] I'd like to recommend a movie starred by Xiaoming Huang, which is called The Impossible to Miss You. It's a typical Hong Kong style comedy.	What a coincidence, but it's also true that he has won Most Anticipated Actor of the Chinese Film Media Award before. It's very normal he's popular.
[3] Yes, it seems that you've been paying close attention to him. I recommend you to see his The Bare-Footed Kid, which is very touching.	[3] Yes, you should support his works. I recommend you a movie Insanity starred by him. Xiaoming Huang has made great progress in the movie. You can watch it.
The director is Baoping Cao.	The director is Lee Kuan Yew.
You're welcome. It's my pleasure.	[4] Yeah, goodbye.
Xiaoming Huang.	The movie is starred by Xiaoming Huang.
[2] Thank you. Xiaoming Huang is a popular star in the entertainment circle. Of course I know him.	[2] By the way, you know what? Xiaoming Huang is the Excellent Actor in the 15th China Film Huabiao Award!
He has also won the Golden Phoenix Awards of the 15th China Film Society Of Performing Art Award.	Wow, he is also the Most Popular Actor in the 17th Beijing University Film Festival. His acting is excellent.
[3] I'd like to recommend a movie called The Legend of Swordsman starred by him. The film is very good.	[3] It's a coincidence that I have a movie Insanity starred by him here, which makes people feel hysterical and hearty after watching the movie. I recommend it to you.
[4] Then I recommend you to watch the movie Mi Yang's Golden Armor starred by her. Mi Yang's acting is very good. I recommend this movie to you.	[4] I know a movie starred by Mi Yang is called The Bullet Vanishes. I recommend it to you. It's "the first wonder of the Republic of China". The story of this movie is good, and the actors are also very hard-working.
It's good.	The film has a good reputation.
You're going to love it.	OK, have a good time!
Bye!	Bye!
Hi.	Hi.
I've made progress in my study recently.	I got my paycheck today.
I like There Is a Place best.	It's All the Things You Never Knew.
Yeah, I like his songs.	Yeah, you're smart. I like Leehom Wang very much.
Yes, I like him very much. He's also the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart.	He is also a national male singer in Canada.
I've heard it.	I've heard of this.
Leehom Wang's song is really good.	That should be great.
Well, I'll listen to it.	I have to listen to it.
Yes, please.	Okay.
[6] OK, I'll listen to the song first. See you next time.	It's really beautiful. Thank you for your song.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
OK, I'll play A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream for you.	Start playing A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream for you.
[2] No problem. I'd like to recommend you A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream. It's a good song. Many people like it.	[2] I recommend Like That to you according to your preference. This song has a kind of dreamy feeling. It's really fantastic. Do you want to listen to it?
Then you can listen to Run Toward the Future, which is the theme song of the movie Heroes 2.	Well, do you like Kris Wu's music?
[3] Can I play this song for you now?	I'd like to recommend November Rain to you. Many people say that they really like this song. You can listen to it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Would you like to play November Rain for you?
OK, November Rain is playing for you.	Playing November Rain for you.
See ya!	See ya!
It's 8 p.m.	Hello, today is Friday, November 2, 2018. 7:00 a.m.
[2] You're welcome. It's mostly cloudy with southeast winds today. The high will be 23 ℃ and low 19 ℃.	[2] You're welcome. Today in Chongqing is sunny with variable wind directions. The high will be 24 ℃ and the low 15 ℃.
My pleasure.	I'm just for you.
Bye!	Bye!
Yes. His birthday is on November 6th.	Kris Wu's birthday is November 6th.
[2] Thank you for your praise. Kris Wu has won the Best New Actor Award at the 5th Seoul International Drama Awards.	[2] You pay more attention to Kris Wu, aren't you a fan of him?
He has won the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony.	Yes, he has also won many awards. He is also an Outstanding Youth in the 15th Anniversary Celebration of Sina Entertainment. He's really excellent.
[3] Speaking of Kris Wu, I recommend you to listen to his song Self Directed Act. It's a song full of the creator's thinking and confusion about "everything is in time".	[3] I'd like to recommend you a song Chinese Soul that he sings. You'll love it. It's a combination of eastern and Western elements and innovation. It's a better combination of rap music and traditional Chinese culture.
Yes, many people like this song very much.	Don't you like the songs your idol sings?
[4] How about I play it for you now?	[4] Do you need me to play this song for you?
OK, playing Chinese Soul for you.	The song Chinese Soul is playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	[5] You like it. Talk to you next time.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be - 6 ℃ and low - 19 ℃.	Today's weather will turn from sunny to cloudy with southeast winds. The high will be 7 ℃ and the low - 5 ℃.
[2] It's a good day to eat Marinated Fish.	[2] You're welcome. It's time for dinner. Would you like that I recommend you a good food?
Yes, it's very suitable for eating Marinated Fish in such weather.	Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili is good. This hot dish can warm your stomach.
[3] If you want to eat, I recommend that you go to Yuweitang Flavour Sichuan Cuisine. It's their speciality.	[3] OK, I won't bother you, goodbye.
Bye!	OK.
Today is cloudy with south winds. The high will be 19 ℃, and low 8 ℃.	Today's weather in Changchun will turn from sunny to cloudy with southwest winds. The high will be 2 ℃ and the low 7 ℃ below zero. Please keep warm.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Sautéed Beef Fillet.	[2] This kind of weather is most suitable to listen to Kris Wu's All Of Me (Live). The gentle melody contains full love and deep feeling.
It's very popular.	Of course.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now? I'm sure it won't let you down
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	Kris Wu's All Of Me (Live) is playing for you. Please enjoy it.
OK, see ya!	See ya!
Hello, the lead singer of this song is Jiong He.	It's Jiong He.
[2] You're welcome. Jiong He is also the star of Hunan Satellite TV.	[2] It's OK. You're welcome. Jiong He is also a famous host.
Yes, he has also won the 25th Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.	Yes, he has also won the Best Entertainment Show Host of New Weekly and the Top Ten TV Influencial Hosts in the third China Film and Television Network Influence Conference, which is enough to show his strength.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his song There Is a Place. It's a song about memories. The melody and lyrics integrate eastern and western music, and convey the feeling of "everything is in time".	[3] His hosting skill is good, and his singing is not bad. Gardenia is his song. I recommend it to you. The light music lightly describes the parting mood, and the simple music rhythm makes people feel the fragrance of Gardenia in the air when listening to it.
Yes, it's very popular.	Yes, you can listen to it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play this song for you?
It's playing for you.	Now play Gardenia for you.
Bye!	Bye!
January 18, 1980.	August 29, 1980.
[2] Thank you for your praise. He is a great actor. He won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.	[2] I'm glad that I could help you. Nicholas Tse is the youngest movie king among singers. Of course, I know more about him.
Besides, Nicholas Tse is also the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards and the Best Actor of the Asian Film Awards.	Yes, it seems that you like him very much.
[3] Let me recommend one of his songs to you. I hope you like it.	[3] Cool people also have a warm side. His As The Light Goes Out is a very real story. It's a main theme movie emphasizing heroism. Do you want to enjoy it?
[4] Okay. Then I recommend you to see Cecilia Cheung's movie named Cecilia Cheung's Rose War. Cecilia Cheung's story is very interesting.	[4] Well, her The Legend of Speed is also catchy. The car is a full of Hong Kong style racing car.
It's a racing movie.	Action, horror.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Remember to call me, I can play it for you!
All right. Bye!	How time flies! Goodbye.
Of course, it's Bingbing Fan.	Yes, it's starred by Jacky Cheung.
[2] You're welcome. Jacky Cheung is one of the 100 Outstanding Actors in Chinese Films Century.	[2] I know more. He's a good Cancer guy in the entertaiment circle.
Well, he has won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor.	A lot of people like him. He is really a male star who is good at both singing and acting. He is one of the Top Ten Outstanding Young People in Hong Kong.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend a movie starred by him. It's called The Impossible Task. It's a typical Hong Kong movie.	[3] You like him so much. His A Chinese Ghost Story Ⅲ is very good. In addition to the smooth and meticulous scene scheduling, clothing, art, photography, martial arts movement and fighting stunts are more brilliant and strange, and the visual effect is compelling. I recommend you to watch it.
[4] Do you want to listen to this song now?	[4] Well, his Together We Move On is also very good. It's not so much a song that he's singing, it's better to say that he's directing a band, and the conductor's works don't have a brilliant climax, but only a kind of peaceful moving. I recommend you to listen to it.
Yes, it's very attractive.	Yes, I'm sure you will like it.
Well, you can listen to it.	[5] Can I play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	You're welcome. Here it goes. Please enjoy it.
Bye!	All right. Bye~
It's playing for you.	OK, I'm playing I'm a Good Friend for you. Please enjoy it.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, Kris Wu's Coupe is also very good. It's a song worth listening to.	[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend another song All the Way by Jiong He, which will make people feel better.
Yes, there are other songs he sang, For Love of Huangpu River, which is very good. I recommend it to you.	Wonderful Happiness is also very good, and it's also the episode of TV series Don't Love Me.
Pretty good.	Of course it's great.
[3] May I play Wonderful Happiness for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play Wonerful Happiness for you?
Playing Wonerful Happiness for you.	Wonderful Happiness is playing for you now.
All right. Bye!	Bye!
Today is mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 3 ℃.	Today's weather is very good. It's sunny with north winds. The high will be 26 ℃ and the low 19 ℃.
[2] Yes, this kind of weather is suitable for eating Duck Blooding Chili Sauce.	[2] In this sunny and windy weather, I recommend you a song Who, which is one of the old songs. It's good.
Yes, it's a very affectionate song.	This is a very warm song sung by Mr. Jiong He.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you?	[3] I'll play it to you now?
OK, it's playing.	OK, playing for you right now.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	Okay, goodbye.
Yes. Her birthday is May 6, 1980.	Of course, she's Gemini, her birthday is May 24.
[2] You're welcome. Cecilia Cheung is a popular actress in the entertainment circle.	[2] Thank you. I know more than that. I also know that Cecilia Cheung's films are very good, and she has won Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress.
[3] I'd like to recommend you a movie, [MOVIE_ID], starred by Cecilia Cheung, which is very good.	You know her very well. She is called as a bold and unrestrained actress.
[3] Then I recommend you to see her movie Love Now, which is very good.	[3] It happens that you like her so much, so I recommend Star Wish starred by her. It's a classic love movie and has a lot of memories.
Besides Cecilia Cheung, there are Yikuan Yan and Hui Mai.	Besides Cecilia Cheung, Ren Xianqi and Su Yongkang are the stars. It's worth seeing.
Well, I'm sure you'll like it.	[4] I won't disturb you, goodbye.
Today is November 6th, 2018.	Today is May 24, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is Cecilia Cheung's birthday.	[2] You know, today is Cecilia Cheung's birthday.
You have a good taste. Cecilia Cheung won the Best Actress of Hong Kong Film Awards.	You have a good eye. Cecilia Cheung is a beautiful, frank, strong and independent actress.
[3] Well, Cecilia Cheung's acting skills are not bad. Then I recommend her movie Twelve Nights. It's a very good movie.	[3] In fact, Cecilia Cheung's acting is also very good. I recommend you a movie starred by her- Twelve Nights. It's story is narrative.
The director is Aijia Zhang.	The director is Aihua Lin.
It has a good reputation.	Very good.
You're going to love it.	I wish you like it.
See ya!	OK, see ya!
Good morning.	Good morning.
Pretty good. I got a good result in the exam.	It's OK, but I didn't do well in the exam.
I like the movie named Beijing Rocks best.	The Beijing Rocks.
It's Bingbing Fan.	It must be Hsu Chi.
Yes, she is beautiful.	Yes, I especially like Hsu Chi. She is really charming in the movies!
Yes, I will always support her.	Great, it seems that the public's vision is as good as mine, hahaha
I've seen it.	I'm not interested in this movie.
How do people say about it?	Who's the director?
Okay, I'll see it sometime.	That should be good. I'll watch it after school.
OK, goodbye!	See ya!
Good afternoon.	Good afternoon. It's boring. I'm glad to have you to chat with me.
OK, thank you for your concern.	It's very kind of you. I'm very happy to have you with me!
My name is Pinglu Liu.	Sure. My name is Xiaoqian Ren
I am a lady.	Lady, of course.
52 years old.	53 years old.
I usually like watching movies and listening to music.	I like watching movies and listening to music.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] I'm too old to jump! Sorry, I have something to do, goodbye!
See ya!	Remember to chat with me next time!
It's Bingbing Fan.	Well, it's Bo Huang.
[2] Haha. Speaking of him, he is a movie star. Of course I know him.	[2] These are small things, as a recognized acting school, it's hard not to be known. Since you like him so much, do you want to know anything about him? I can tell you everything. For example, the place of birth, the awards he won and so on
Hong Kong, China.	He was born in Qingdao, Shandong Province, China.
[3] Well, since you like Bo Huang so much, I recommend you to see his movie, A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream, starred by him.	[3] Yeah, by the way, do you like his movies? I also have a rare domestic high-quality film Hooked on You with social significance starred by him. Are you interested in seeing it?
It's directed by Yanping Zhu.	The director is Yongchang Luo.
It's a very good movie. You'll like it.	Well, it's a thought-provoking movie.
All right. Bye!	Well, OK.
It'll turn from sunny to cloudy with northwest winds. The high will be 13 ℃, and low 4 ℃.	Today, it will turn from light rain to cloudy with no continuous wind directions. The high will be 29 ℃ and the low 21 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. It's a perfect day for Marinated Fish.	[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for eating Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers.
You can try it.	Spicy taste, that's good, put more chopped pepper, I think it's very enjoyable.
[3] You can order Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers at Zhongtian Sichuan Restaurant.	[3] Zhaizhai Hunan Restaurant's specialty is Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers. I recommend you try it.
47 yuan.	50 yuan.
It's on the second floor of Zhengheng Commercial Plaza, Baita Road, Panlong District.	In Longgang District, jiaochangwei, jiaosanxiliuxiang.
It's 4.1.	4.4, not bad.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	OK, I'll make a reservation for you.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Good afternoon.	Good afternoon!
I'm very happy recently. I've been promoted.	Very good. I got a promotion today.
Dream at That Time is my favorite.	Love Net.
Yeah, I love him.	Yes, he is my idol, male god.
He's a very talented person.	Of course, ha ha
I've heard it.	I've heard this song before.
This song sounds good.	Is it pleasant to hear?
Then I will listen to it.	Then I want to hear it.
Sure.	Okay.
It's really good. I like it.	Okay, thank you.
OK, bye!	OK, bye!
Today is October 26, 2018.	Today is April 7, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is also the birthday of Jiong He.	[2] You know what? Today is Jackie Chan's birthday.
Yeah, he's a superstar. He's also the king of box office of Hong Kong.	He is a star who can make as much money as a banknote printer. He created a "nonsense" performance style and won the Outstanding Achievement Award of the Asia Pacific Film Festival.
[3] I'd like to recommend his movie Jackie Chan: The Lost Legend to you. It's a great movie.	[3] Since you appreciate him so much, I recommend you his Chop Socky: Cinema Hong Kong, which records the earliest glorious moment of Hong Kong film.
It's a documentary.	It's a documentary.
It won't let you down.	OK, I'm sure it won't let you down.
See ya!	Bye!
Of course, it's Xun Zhou.	Xiaoming Huang.
[2] Do you like Xiaoming Huang? He is a famous star in the entertainment circle.	[2] Do you like Xiaoming Huang? He is one of the Ten Outstanding Young Persons Shandong Province.
Xiaoming Huang has won the 15th Huading Award for Best Actor. He is really excellent.	You really have a vision. He also won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actress. His acting is also very good.
[3] Then I recommend you to see his movie, "Another Myself". It's a great movie.	[3] American Dreams in China starred by Xiaoming Huang is very good. I didn't expect Xiaoming Huang to challenge this role so successfully. You just like to see his works. Would you like to see this film?
It's Fangfang Li.	The director is Kexin Chen.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Kexin Chen's works will not disappoint you.
OK, see ya!	OK, goodbye!
It's 8 a.m.	It's already eight o'clock in the morning.
[2] Thank you. By the way, today's mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 22 ℃ and low 14 ℃.	[2] By the way, do you wear more clouthes? Today, it's rainy and cloudy with northwest winds. The high will be 8 ℃ and the low 5 ℃. It's a little bit cold.
It what I should do.	You're welcome. I'm always at your service
Bye!	OK, goodbye
Yes, it's Jimmy Lin.	Flying Swords of Dragon Gate is starred by Xun Zhou.
[2] I also know that Xun Zhou is the Best Actress of the Asian Film Awards.	[2] Hehe, thank you. She is the Best Actress Winner of the Chinese Film Media Award.
She is also a member of the jury of Cannes International Film Festival. She's really good at acting.	Of course, she has also won the Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress and Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress.
[3] Well, I recommend you to see her Deserve (LidoRemix). It's a very good song.	[3] Her acting is very good. I recommend you to make a movie of her. The Bardo in Hema Hema: Sing Me a Song While I Wait is the best interpretation of this movie.
[4] Then I recommend you to see Rene Liu's Rene Liu's movie, which is also a good movie. It tells a story of a girl who is born without desire and who is born with strength.	[4] Rene Liu's movie, Fleeing by Night, is a good one you can't afford to miss.
It's a love movie.	It's a love story.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Well, remember to see it when you have time.
OK, see ya!	OK.
It will turn from cloudy to light rain with northeast winds. The high will be 6 ℃ and low - 3 ℃.	Today, it will turn from cloudy to sunny with northeast winds in Nanchang. The high will be 19 ℃ and the low 10 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for listening to Orchid Pavillion. This song is full of the creator's thinking and confusion about love.	[2] It's a good to listen to the concert on such a fine day today. This song She's Gone Far Away is recommended to you. The song expresses the yearning for the girl by telling a story, and expresses the author's unswerving view of love.
It's Jacky Cheung.	Jacky Cheung.
[3] Do you want me to play this song for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play this song for you now?
She's Gone Far Away is playing for you.	OK, I'm playing the song for you.
All right. Bye!	Okay, bye.
It's Jiong He.	It's Jiong He.
[2] I'm flattered. Jiong He is the most popular male TV host of China Student Television Festival.	[2] Thank you for your praise. I also know that he is one of the Top Ten Influencial TV hosts in the third China Film and Television Network Influence Conference.
He has also won the Excellent Host Award of the 25th China TV Golden Eagle Award.	He also won the 15th anniversary award of New Weekly's 2013 China TV list, which is also an affirmation of his achievements.
[3] I'd like to recommend a song named Gardenia, which is sung by Jiong He. It's a very nice song.	[3] Yes, I recommend you his song All the Way. You can try to listen to it. It's a song that makes people feel good.
You'll love it.	It's really good. It's worth listening to
[4] Do you want to play it now?	[4] Do you need me to play it for you?
It's playing for you.	Here it goes. Please enjoy it.
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
It's 12:00 noon. It's time for dinner.	It's ten o'clock sharp in the evening.
[2] You're welcome. It's cloudy with northeast wind today. The highest temperature is 14℃, and the lowest temperature is 5℃.	[2] You're welcome. It will turn from cloudy to sunny with southwest winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and the low 0 ℃.
My pleasure.	Well, I'm your housekeeper.
Good night.	Ok, good night.
Good afternoon. I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	It's not good, recently work pressure is too heavy. I'm not happy.
OK, thank you for your concern.	Ah, yes, you will go through it.
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	My name is Jingfei Niu.
Mr., of course.	You call me Ms.
I'm 27 years old.	I am twenty years old.
I like listening to music.	I like watching movies and news, and occasionally I  follow news of stars.
[6] Yes, I have something else to do.Goodbye.	[6] I'm flattered. I'm going to have a lunch break. Talk to you when I'm available.
Bye!	Ha ha ha ha ha, you're interesting. Goodbye.
Capricorn.	He's a Capricorn.
[2] Jay Chou is the king of Chinese music. I know a lot about him.	[2] Do you like Jay Chou? He has won the Most Popular Male Singer of the Singapore Golden Melody Awards for four times.
Jay Chou is a versatile artist. He has won the 15th Huading Award for Best Singer in Asia.	You have a good vision. Jay Chou is one of the Top 100 Creative People in Fast Company.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his song Snake Dance. It's a dance music with hip-hop elements. The combination of Jay Chou and Jay Chou's hip-hop can bring people a visual feast.	[3] I'd like to recommend you a song Free Tutorial Video sung by Jay Chou. It's not bad. Obviously, it's still so free. There are all kinds of lovely little things in it.
Then you can't miss it.	Well, it's not too late now.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want to play Free Tutorial Video for you now?
Free Tutorial Video is playing for you.	Free Tutorial Video is playing for you.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Not bad.	Nothing big deal, it's just been a while, I feel hollow and bored
Okay.	Yeah, sounds great.
My name is Fangxia Liu.	My name is Qiqin Niu.
Yes.	You're right.
I'm 55.	I'm old, already 52 years old.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	I like to listen to music and watch movies.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Having a young heart is very important. I'm afraid it's time to have a rest.
See ya!	Okay, goodbye.
Today's mostly cloudy with northeast wind, the highest temperature is 19℃, the lowest temperature is 10℃.	It is southwest wind today with maximum temperature of 21 ℃ and minimum temperature of 6 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for eating Marinated Fish.	[2] You're welcome. It must be enjoyable to listen to some music in such weather. All Of Me is very good. Simple arrangement is matched with the song, cuts with a easy speed, such as complaints, such as sobbing.
It's Kris Wu.	Kris Wu. It's very nice.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	Play the music or not?
OK, it's playing for you.	It's playing All Of Me for you.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
OK, I'm playing Don't Be Afraid for you.	OK,here it is. Please enjoy it.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, I recommend you to listen to the song All the Way by Jiong He. It's a classic song.	[2] I'd like to recommend a song All the Way by Jiong He, which makes people feel happy.
Well, listen to it and you will like it.	OK, the other song Wonderful Happiness is also very good which is also the episode of the TV series Don't Love Me.
It's Jiong He.	It's also sung by Jiong He. Many people like it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Shall I play it for you now?
OK, I'll play it for you right away.	OK, here it goes.
That's all right.	That's all right.
Goodbye.	Goodbye.
It's sunny with northwest winds today. The high will be - 6 ℃ and low - 14 ℃.	Today, there wiil be a shower turning to thunderstorm with variable wind directions, the highest temperature will be 29 ℃ and lowest temperature will be 24 ℃
[2] Today's weather is suitable for eating Sautéed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce.	[2] You're welcome. You know what, the temperature is very suitable for eating  Marinated Fish today.
It's a very popular hot dish.	Generally, roasted grouper is most delicious.
[3] I recommend you to go to Laoqi Sichuan Restaurant (Republic of China Store). The Marinated Fish in this store is very good.	[3] You can go to Baidu Roasted Fish.  Their roasted fish is very delicious.
It's 47 yuan.	It is 42 yuan.
The score is 3.5	It's 4.1.
Room 106, building D8, Tongximingcheng Pedestrian Street, Shengtai Road, Jiangning District	It's located at Shop 109, Hongguan Building, No.1 Pobo Road, Longhua District (downstairs of Tianfu Chuanxiang Food Forest).
OK, I'm making a reservation for you.	OK, no problem.
OK, see ya!	OK, goodbye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	Darling, it is May 24, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is Cecilia Cheung's birthday.	[2] You're welcome. I'm at your service. One more thing, today is Cecilia Cheung's birthday. She was born on May 2.
She is the Most Anticipated Actress of the Chinese Film Media Award. She's excellent.	She is beautiful, frank, tough and independent. Many people like her.
[3] Well, I'd like to recommend you a movie starred by Cecilia Cheung. The movie is very good. I recommend it to you.	[3] When it comes to acting skill, do you want to see her Help? The admiration arises despite your incomprehension of what the ending said. The ending turns from chicken soup to black humor.
It's a comedy.	It's a comedy.
OK, OK.	OK, you'll love it.
Bye!	OK, bye!
I'm very good recently. I've made progress in my study.	I'm fine recently. I just got a bonus.
Of course.	Sure.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	I'm Naxia Lei.
Yeah.	Of course!
I'm 55 years old.	I'm 22 years old.
I like watching movies and news.	I prefer to see movies when I'm free.
Well, I like the movie Mojin-The Lost Legend.	Well, I like Mojin-The Lost Legend.
[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.
Today is cloudy with northeast wind, the highest temperature is 13℃, the lowest temperature is 5℃.	Xingtai is sunny and then tuns to mostly cloudy with northeast wind. The highest temperature will be 9 ℃ and lowest will be - 1 ℃.
[2] Hee hee, this kind of weather is perfect for eating Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce.	[2] This weather is suitable for listening to the song Can You Feel the Love Tonight. This song also won the Best Original Song of Oscar in that year.
It's Jacky Cheung.	Jacky Cheung.
[3] Can I play it for you now?	[3] Shall I play the song Can You Feel the Love Tonight by Jacky Cheung.
OK, playing for you.	Here it goes. Please enjoy it.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Today is May 17, 2018.	It is November 26, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Kris Wu's birthday.	[2] You're welcome. Ah about the weather, sunny early and cloudy later with southwest wind. The highest temperature will be 17 ℃ and lowest will be 6 ℃.
It's a good day for Marinated Fish.	Keep warm.
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
Playing Hand in Hand for you.	OK, playing now.
[2] You're welcome. The song All the Things You Never Knew is also good. The lyrics are profound and sincere, and the melody is lively. You can listen to it.	[2] You're welcome. Leehom Wang's  All the Things You Never Knew is also very good. This song is full of strong classical flavor. The lyrics and music are deep and sincere. Every note hits the heart. You can also listen to it.
OK, how about November Rain? It's a very good song. It's very catchy. I recommend it to you.	What about Crying Palms? It belongs to the more influential songs of Leehom at early stage.
Then you can't miss it.	It's very nice. You can listen to it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Shall I play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, playing now.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
OK, see ya!	Bye, next time.
Good evening. I've made progress in my study recently.	Hello, it's very good recently. I feel it's easy to study.
I see. Thank you.	Yeah, work and rest is the best.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	Sorry, I don't want to talk about movies for the moment.
Yes, I like him very much.	Aaron Kwok is my favorite star. He's really good at acting. I admire him very much.
His songs are really good.	Yes, he is really excellent. No wonder there are so many fans who like him as much as I do!
I've heard this song. Change it.	I'm not interested in this song. Please play another one.
It seems like a very touching song.	Sounds good. I like it very much.
I'll listen to it when I have time.	Then I must not miss it.
Yes, please.	Yes, please.
[6] Thank you. It's time for me to go home. Talk later.	You can really feel the flow of emotion from the songs. It's very good.
[6] Well, I'm going to school. Let's talk next time.	[6] Thank you for your recommendation! I'm going to sleep. Talk to you next time. Bye!
Bye!	Bye!
Not bad.	I'm so busy with my work everyday.
OK, I see.	Yeah, I will.
Not really for movie at the moment	I don't want to talk about movies now.
Yes, she is my favorite star.	Yeah, I like her so much
Yes, her hosting is really great.	Yes, I like her shows very much. It's very interesting
I'm not interested in this song.	Sorry, I'm not interested in this song.
Does Na Xie sing it?	Yeah, it sounds interesting.
I'd like to listen to it.	OK, thank you for your recommendation.
Yes, please.	Yes, please.
Well, thank you.	[6] I'm afaraid I'm a bit busy now. Talk to you next time.
Bye!	Well, goodbye.
Today is cloudy with northeast wind. The highest temperature will be 17℃, and the lowest temperature will be 9℃.	It's sunny with northwest winds. The highest temperature will be 25 ℃ and lowest 15 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. It's a good day to listen to Who's the Keyman. The melody is catchy and the rhythm is lively.	[2] Today's weather is suitable for Sautéed Beef Fillet.
The taste of lean meat is very good.	It is very good. It tastes soft and rotten without residue, fat but not greasy, fragrant and gummy.
[3] Well, you can order it at Mr.Fish Roasted.	[3] Going Home Hunan Restaurant has delicous Sautéed Beef Fillet.
It's 44 per person.	66 yuan.
It's 4.5.	Rate: 5.
It's at the southwest corner of intersection of Tuolin Avenue and Fanrong Road in Nanguan District.	No.7 Dongzeng, Ling'ao Creative Industrial Park, Lingbin Road, Xiqing District.
Sure, no problem.	OK, the order has been paced.
Bye!	See ya!
It's sunny with south winds today in Xingtai. The high will be 19 ℃ and low 8 ℃.	Shenyang is mostly cloudy with north wind. The highest temperature will be 15 ℃ and lowest 2 ℃.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Sautéed Beef Fillet.	[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is very suitable for listening to If It's Not Love.
The song is also very good. It's sung by Jacky Cheung. It's very catchy.	Well, it's Jacky Cheung's song which is a classic, full of the creator's thinking and confusion about love. You can't miss it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Shall I play this song for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	Here it goes.
I'm glad you like it.	Wow, I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	OK, please enjoy it, goodbye.
Good morning.	Good morning!
I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	I've been under a lot of pressure of study recently.
I don't want to listen to music now.	I'm not in to mood to music right now.
OK, I like him very much.	OK, I like him. He's a perfectionist.
Yes, he is excellent.	How can people don'y love such a man who works so hard.
I've seen it. I don't want to see it now.	Yes, I've seen it.
What kind of movie is it?	What kind of video is it?
OK, I'll see it sometime.	I will see it.
[5] I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you next time.	[5] OK. I'm almost arriving at school. Talk to you later.
Bye!	See ya!
He's a Scorpio.	Kris Wu is a Scorpio.
[2] Hehe,  Kris Wu is a very popular male god. He has also won the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony.	[2] Thank you. He is also Newcomer of the Year 2014 of Esquire Man At His Best Awards
[3] You can listen to his song named One Dream. It's a song full of strength and confidence.	Yes, he is a very good singer.
[3] Do you like his songs? I'd like to recommend his song Deserve to you. It's very good. Kris was born in Qingdao, Shandong Province.	[3] Do you want to listen to There Is a Place? The lyrics are full of pictures, with soothing melody and clear and moving performance, gently hit the hearts of the audience. This song is very beautiful.
It's a good song.	Yes, you can try it. It won't let you down.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Shall I play this song for you now?
There Is a Place is playing for you.	It's playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	OK,goodbye.
Yes, his birthday is July 10th.	Yes, his birthday is July 10, 1961.
[2] Thank you. I also know that Jacky Cheung is a Chinese singer who has won the Golden Needle Award, the highest honor in Hong Kong music circles.	[2] Lol, I know he is a experienced singer.
He has also won the Golden Needle Award of RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards.	Yes he really is. He has won the Most Popular Asian Celebrity Award of ChannelV.
[3] Yes, I recommend you to listen to his song Rain. It's very good. Jacky Cheung's voice is very infectious.	[3] Since you like him so much I would like to recommend a movie starred by him Bullet in the Head. It has not only the big scenes of war and riots, but also its own style of slow shot gunfight. The most important thing is that it has different emotional catharsis from John Woo's previous films.
[4] Have you ever listened to his song Run Toward the Future?	[4] Well, his For Your Heart Only is very good. Nonoy Ocampo's arrangement adds more classical string elements to the song, which also gives the song more classical beauty. Leslie Cheung's dragging singing style is undoubtedly the best interpretation of the music.
Yes, it's very popular.	Yes, his voice is really attractive.
Then you can try it.	[5] Are you free now? Shall I play it for you?
It's playing for you.	You're welcome. Here it goes. Please enjoy it.
Bye!	Bye!
I'm very happy recently. I've been promoted.	Hello, I'm not very happy recently. I didn't do well in the exam.
OK, I'll try my best.	Thank you. I will continue to study hard.
My name is Yu Wang.	My name is Najun Chen.
I'm a girl.	I'm a lovely girl.
I'm eight years old.	28 years old.
I usually like watching movies and news.	I like following news of stars, seeing movies and listening to music!
[6] Well, I'm going to have a rest. Talk later.	[6] Yeah, I'm going to have a meal. Talk to you next time.
Bye!	OK, goodbye!
Good afternoon!	Hi.
It's easy.	Work is boring these days.
But I don't want to listen to music now.	I'm not in to mood to music right now.
I like him very much.	I like him very much, my God. He's the favorite of fashion.
He's really a handsome guy.	Yes, young and promising.
I've seen it. I'm not interested in it.	Yes, I've seen it.
I'm not interested in this movie.	Who's the leading star?
I'll have a look when I have time.	OK, I'll take a look.
Bye!	Bye!
It's Na Xie.	Hello, this movie is starred by Aaron Kwok.
[2] You're welcome. He is also the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	[2] You're welcome. Aaron Kwok is known as King of movies. You really have a good taste.
Ha ha, he also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Supporting Actor. He's really excellent.	Yes, he has won not only RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards for the Most Popular Male Singer among Chinese in the world, but also Golden Horse Award for the Best Actor in Taiwan. He is really versatile.
[3] I'd like to recommend a movie about Aaron Kwok. It's a great movie. I recommend it to you.	[3] Yes, I would like to recommend a movie starred by Aaron Kwok, Port of Call, which is one of the best Chinese movies.
It's a thriller and action movie.	It's a suspense movie.
Yes, I'm sure it won't let you down.	OK, I hope you like it. Talk to you next time, goodbye.
Of course.	No, she's a Taurus.
[2] Of course. I also know that Na Xie is the Best Host of China TV Golden Eagle Award.	[2] Lol, if you have any questions, please feel free to ask me! In other words, Na Xie once won the Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.
She also won the Huading Award for Excellent Host of China TV Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.	Yes, and she has a straightforward personality, and she is the domineering tomboy in the entertainment circle.
[3] Well, I'd like to recommend you to watch the movie named The Bare-Footed Kid starred by her. It's a good movie. It's not bad.	[3] Her personality is really attractive! Well, do you usually see movies? I don't know if you've ever heard of it, she has played a good domestic animation Hongmao and Lantu:the Fire  Phoenix.
Well, it's a feature film.	To be exact, it's cartoon, but it also adds the factor of martial arts.
Well, I'm sure you'll like it.	Heihei, so long as you like it!
All right. Bye!	I'm also happy. Goodbye then.
Today is November 6, 2018.	Hello, it is November 6, 2018.
[2] Today is also Kris Wu's birthday.	[2] You know what? Today is the birthday of the star Kris Wu. He is the most popular person in the entertainment circle!
Well, you really have a good taste. He has also won the Best New Actor Award of the 3rd China International Film Festival London.	More than that, he has won many awards, such as China International Film Festival London for Best Newcomer Award, and he is also good at singing.
[3] I'd like to recommend a song named Deserve to you. The melody and lyrics integrate the eastern and western elements, and convey the fearlessness and vicissitudes of love between men and women.	[3] Since you like him so much, I'd like to recommend one of his songs, Big Bowl Thick Noodles, which is very charming! The song contains strong Chinese elements. The melody and lyrics combine the eastern and western music, and convey the fearlessness of the singer in the way of rap.
I'm sure you'll like it.	How do you like it? Do you think Kris Wu is very talented?
[4] Would you like to play it for you now?	[4] Shall I play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	Here it goes. Please enjoy it.
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
Good evening.	Good evening.
Not bad. I did well in the exam.	I've got good result so I'm happy.
My favorite movie is Bullet in the Head.	I like the movie Bullet in the Head best.
Xiaoming Huang.	Jacky Cheung, my favorite.
Yes, I like him very much.	Well, he is one of the top 10 outstanding youth in Hong Kong.
He is also the winner of Best Actor of the two Golden Horse Awards.	He's really excellent. I really like it.
I've seen this one. I don't want to see it again.	I'm not interested in this film.
What's the score of this movie?	Who are the leading stars?
Then I must see it when I have time.	That sounds good. I'll have a look.
[6] I'm home. Talk to you later.	[6] Well, It's time to go to bed.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is light rain with northeast winds. The high will be 26 ℃ and low 21 ℃.	It's mostly cloudy with east wind. The highest temperature will be 18 ℃ and lowest 11 ℃ today. The weather turns cold, remeber to keep warm.
[2] By the way, this kind of weather is suitable for eating Marinated Fish.	[2] This weather is suitable for Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers.
This hot dish is really delicious.	OK, this hot dish is very good.
Then you can try it.	[3] Lol, you can go to Homelike Sichuan Restaurant. Its specialty is Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers which is very delicious.
It's 35 yuan.	15 yuan.
It's on the fourth floor of Zhubang City Square, Qingnian Road, Kuancheng District.	Donghu Garden, 22-19 Zhongbei East Road, Wuchang District.
3.5.	It's 3.5.
[4] OK, I'll make a reservation for you.	Believe me, it's worth eating.
Sure, no problem.	It's done.
Bye!	See ya!
Not bad.	I'm very good recently.
I did well in the exam.	It's nothing big deal. I just got a bonus recently.
I like Bosom Friend best.	If It's Not Love is my favorite.
Yes, I like him very much.	Yes, I like him very much, too.
Yes, he's really good at singing.	Yes, his singing skill is impeccable.
I've heard this song. Any other recommendations?	I've listened it. I'm not in the mood for the moment.
I haven't heard this song. How is it?	This one I've never listened to.
Let me listen.	I'd like to have a try.
Sure.	OK, thank you.
[6] I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you next time.	[6] It's great. Well, it's time to take a break. Talk to you next time.
Bye!	Bye!
It's Na Xie.	Jacky Cheung!
[2] Thank you for your praise. I also know that Jacky Cheung won the Best Supporting Actor of Hong Kong Film Awards.	[2] Thank you for your praise. I also know that Jacky Cheung is the idol of many people. He is also known as the king of music. Do you like him?
Do you like his movies? He has won many awards, such as the Best Actor Award of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	Lol, I'm right. He not only sings well, but also acts well. He has also won the Best Actor Award of Chinese Film Media!
[3] Since you like him so much, I'd like to recommend his movie The Bare-Footed Kid. It's very good.	[3] Do you want to see his July Rhapsody? Although the theme of the film is small, the narrative is ingenious.
Jacky Cheung and Daniel Wu.	Jacky Cheung, Anita Mui and Michelle Lin.
You're going to love it.	OK, you can share your ideas with me after seeing it!
Bye!	Yeah, bye!
Today is light rain with northeast winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 8 ℃.	Today, the weather in Anshan is sunny, with south wind. The maximum temperature is 22 ℃ and the minimum temperature is 13 ℃. The weather is good!
[2] You're welcome. It's a perfect day to have Sautéed Beef Fillet.	[2] This kind of weather is very suitable for eating Roasted Squid.
Roasted Squid is very popular.	This is a delicious dish that everyone loves.
OK, I hope you like it.	Have a nice meal.
OK, see ya!	See ya!
I'm busy with my grandson recently.	I've been taking care of my grandson recently. I'm exhausted.
Thank you for your reminding.	That's true. I am a grandpa now.
My name is Yuzhen Hu.	My name is Fanlin Zhang.
Haha, you're right.	Haha, that's right.
I'm retired. I'm not in the early 50s.	It's. I'm 53.
I really like watching movies and listening to music.	Listen to the music and read news about celebrities.
Well, I like listening to All the Things You Never Knew.	Well, I like listening to  From Now On.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.
Of course. Her birthday is September 16th.	Yes, she was born on September 16, 1981.
[2] Bingbing Fan is a popular star. She has also won The Magnolia Award for Most Popular Actress.	Of course, I know a lot about Fan Bingbing, a beautiful actress.
[2] She is the most popular actress in China at the 5th Seoul International Drama Awards.	Yes, she has won Hundred Flowers Awards for Best Actress and China Film Director's Guild Awards for Best Actress.
[2] You're welcome. She's good at acting. I recommend you to see the movie starred by her. It's called The Big Stuff. The plot is simple and the narration is fluent.	[3] Yes, I would like to recommend her movie, I Am Not Madame Bovary, which is a serious modern Officialdom.
The rating is 7.6.	It's 7.2.
You're going to love it.	[4] Mm-hmm. Don't miss it. Goodbye.
OK, see ya!	OK.
Not bad.	Make do with it, I didn't do well in the exam.
Sure.	Sure.
My name is Jiaofei Zhang.	My name is Qizhen Ji.
You are very clever.	You are very clever.
I'm 26 years old.	I'm 17 years old.
I like stars, watching movies and listening to music.	I usually like following news of stars, seeing movies and so on.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Well, I have something else to do. See you later.
Bye!	See ya!
Today is sunny with southeast winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 8 ℃.	It is cloudy with northwest wind,and with maximum temperature of 11 ℃ and minimum temperatureof 3 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for listening to Orchid Pavillion. The lyrics are classical and beautiful, and the melody is lively. The lyrics are beautiful, and the rhythm is lively.	[2] You're welcome. This weather is very suitable for listening to Heroes of Earth. The lyrics, arrangement and integration of Peking Opera and rap, which is dazzling. It's still so classic after so many years.
Yes, it's a very classic song.	Yes, you will like it. It's Leehom's song.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	I'll play it for you right away.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	Bye!
Good morning.	Good morning!
Pretty good. I did well in the exam.	I've made progress in the exam.I feel good.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Jiaofei Zhang.
I'm a girl.	Girl.
Five years old.	Six years old.
I like watching anime and listening to children's songs.	I like watching animation.
[6] Hey hey. I'm getting home, bye!	[6] I'm arriving at school, goodbye.
Bye!	OK.
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon!
No. I've fallen behind in my studies recently.	Yes, I'm haveing a rest at home.
I like Left Right Love Destiny best.	Left Right Love Destiny, of course.
I like Bo Huang best.	I love Leslie Cheung.
Yes, Leslie Cheung is really good at acting.	Yes, he is a scholar.
Yes, she is excellent.	In addition to acting skill, he is also a Chinese singer. He is really both virtuous and artistic.
I've seen it.	I've seen this.
It's a very good movie.	What about its public praise?
Then I'll see it.	I'd like to watch it.
Bye!	Bye!
Good morning.	Hello, good morning.
On my way to school.	I'm at home. Since I'm retired so I have nothing to do. I'm so bored.
My name is Qilu Chen.	Fengchao Zeng, Feng is the meaning of maple leaf and Chao means surpassing.
I'm a handsome guy.	Not handsome guy, I can be regarded as an old man.
55 years old.	No more, no less, just 70.
I like listening to music.	I just like listening to music. Nothing more.
[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[6] Well, I'm going to bed. Talk to you next time.
Twelve o'clock sharp in the morning.	It's 12 o'clock at noon. It's time to have a rest.
[2] Thank you. By the way, it's cloudy with southeast winds today. The high will be 23 ℃ and low 15 ℃.	[2] By the way, Taiyuan is mostly cloudy early and sunny later with west wind. The highest temperature will be 17 ℃, and lowest 2 ℃. Drink much water and don't fet inflammed.
I will always be your sweet baby.	Lol, I'm very happy to help you.
Bye!	OK, next time.
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, here it goes.
[2] By the way, I'd like to recommend another song by Kris Wu, Self Directed Act. It's a hip-hop song. It's super catchy.	[2] You're welcome. Jacky Cheung's Be Torn With Grief is also very good with good lyrics, good tune and it's very infectious. I recommend it to you.
Yes, there's another song called So Close So Far, which is a love song with a lot of rhythm. You can listen to it.	What about Still Think You're the Best? It is also sung by Jacky Cheung. It is also one of Jacky Cheung's masterpieces of Cantonese songs.
Yes, it's a very popular song.	Yes, the king's song will never let you down.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Shall I play this song?
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, here it goes.
OK, see ya!	Okay, goodbye.
It will turn from sunny to cloudy with southwest winds. The high will be 6 ℃ and low - 5 ℃. It's a little cold. Keep warm.	There is light rain with northeast wind. The highest temperature will be 11 ℃, and lowest 5 ℃.
[2] It's a perfect day for eating Marinated Fish.	[2] It's cold today, so Sweet and Sour Spare Ribs would be a good choice.
This hot dish is very popular.	The most important thing is that you will feel warm after eating this hot dish.
[3] You can order Sweet and Sour Spare Ribs at Laoqi Sichuan Restaurant.	[3] Yes, I know a good restaurant serves this dish. You can consider Chongqing Wanzhou Marinated Fish.
It's on the 7th floor of Zhubang City Square, Qingnian Road, Kuancheng District.	304 County Road, Hanjiang District (diagonally opposite to Lixiang Supermarket)
The score is 4.7.	4.7, not low.
50 yuan.	47 yuan.
OK, I'll do it now.	OK, it' done.
Bye!	See ya!
Today is cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	Qingdao is sunny with north wind today. The highest temperature will be 15 ℃ and lowest 10 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. Such weather is suitable for eating Spicy Crawfish.	[2] Yeah, it's a nice day to eat Jiaozi stuff with mackerel.
Yes, this hot dish is really delicious.	This staple food is fine. The key is you'll feel warm after eating it.
[3] If you want to eat, you can go to The Big Stuffing Dumpling Restaurant. Their Jiaozi Stuffing is their specialty.	[3] If you want to eat, you can make a reservation at Minguo seafood Dumping House. It's very authentic.
It's 53 per person.	78 yuan. It's a bit expensive, but it's worth it.
Minguo Seafood Dumping House, No. 226 Jialingjiang Road, Jizhou District.	It is at No.31 Zhongshan Road, Shinan District (Republic of China Hotel, 280 meters north of Zhanqiao, opposite to Baisheng)
The rate is 5.	It's 5 which is very high.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	OK, I'll make a reservation for you now. Have a nice meal in advance.
All right. Bye!	Bye!
OK, Piano in the Attic is playing for you.	Of course, here it goes.
[2] You're welcome. The song Floral Sea is also good. It's a song full of island style. You can try it.	[2] If you like Leslie Cheung, I'd like to recommend another song of his Glamour Forever. It's a very good song. From the audience's perspective, this song is quite competent.
How about his Run Toward the Future? It's an inspirational song.	Then what about Run Toward the Future, which is the theme song of the movie A Better Tomorrow II.
Yes, it will bring you a different feeling.	The content of the song is also very good, and it's a cantonese song.
[3] May I play it for you now?	[3] Do you need me to play it for you?
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
See ya!	See ya!
It's 8 p.m.	It's 22:00.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, today it is sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 2 ℃.	[2] By the way, recently, there is light rain with northern wind. The highest temperature will be 7 ℃ and lowest 0 ℃. The weather is getting cold, so you should stay warm at night when you sleep.
You're welcome. My pleasure.	You're welcome. That's my duty.
Bye!	Don't catch a cold. Bye.
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon!
Very good. I've been promoted.	I'm very happy. I've got a bonus.
But I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music now.
OK, I like him very much.	Sounds good, he is my favorite star and he has won the Most Popular Male God of the 2015 Asian Influence Oriental Festival.
He is really excellent.	I didn't know that. It's great.
I've seen it.	I'm not interested in this movie.
What's the score?	Who is his director?
OK, I'll watch it.	I'll see it later.
Bye!	Bye!
OK, playing Chinese Soul for you.	yes, here it goes.
[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend another song of Leehom Wang, Heartburn, which is also sung by Leehom Wang. It's a good song. I recommend it to you.	[2] It's my pleasure. His song Dad Where Are We Going? is also very good. It's just sounds of nature.
I guess you can't miss his Crying Palms. It's a song full of sadness. You can try it.	A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream is also very good. This song will make you can't help yourself walking into the feeling of the romantic scence, which is full of hot battles and righteous life. Do you want to listen to it?
It's Kris Wu.	The leading singer of this song is Kris Wu.
[3] Do you want me to play this song for you now?	[3] Shall I play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	Here it goes.
I'm glad you like it.	Kris Wu's songs won't let you down.
Bye!	Goodbye.
It's Xiaoming Huang.	Hello, yes, it's Cecilia Cheung.
[2] Speaking of Cecilia Cheung, she is a beautiful actress and has won the Best Actress Award of Hong Kong Film Awards.	[2] It's OK. You're welcome. Cecilia Cheung is so pure and beautiful. I'm very impressed.
Cecilia Cheung is not only beautiful, but also good at acting. She has won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress.	Your idol is not only good-looking, her acting skill is also first-class. She has won Chinese Film Media Awards for Best Actress and Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress. These are enough to show her excellence.
[3] Then I'd like to recommend a movie named Cecilia Cheung's "Eternal Affairs" to you. It's very good. In the movie, Cecilia Cheung's performance is really wonderful.	[3] Don't miss her movie. One Night in Mongkok is a very good movie starring by Cecilia Cheung. You can have a look at it. It's very Hong Kong style.
It's a love movie starred by Cecilia Cheung.	It is an action movie about love.
I'm glad you like it.	It would be nice if you like it.
Bye!	All right. Bye.
It's Leehom Wang.	Leehom Wang.
[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Leehom Wang, he has won the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart.	[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Leehom Wang, he is Favourite Male Singer Taiwan at the MTV Asia Awards.
He is also the Best Male Singer in the Global Chinese Golden Chart and the Best Male Singer in Hong Kong.	And he has also won two Golden Melody Award for Best Mandarin Male Singer.
[3] I'd like to recommend a song of him named Impossible to Miss You, which is the theme song of the movie Impossible to Miss You.	[3] You will love this song Impossible to Miss You sung by Leehom Wang. It's in the form of a song to show us the determination of love.
Yes, it's a very good song.	You can listen to it. It's very nice.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you need me to play this song for you?
OK, I'm playing Impossible to Miss You for you.	OK, here it goes.
You're welcome. As long as you like it.	You're welcome. Your support is my greatest encouragement.
Bye!	OK, goodbye.
Good afternoon!	What's up?
Not bad. It's easy to work recently.	It's OK recently, I'm just busy with my work.
My name is Fangxia Liu.	Yes, Qiyu Li is my name.
I'm a girl.	I'm a real boy.
I'm just 18 years old.	I'm 20 years old.
I like listening to music, watching news and so on.	I like to see movies in my spare time.
Well, I like the movie named Silence is Gold.	Well, I like Love in The Buff.
[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.
Bye!	Bye!
Good afternoon.	Good afternoon!
Not bad. Easy study.	I've been working very well recently, but I'm a little bored.
My name is Xinbin Liu.	My name is Shannan Xu.
Yeah, you're smart.	I can be regarded as an old man.
I'm 40 years old.	I'm 67 years old.
Usually I like to listen to music and watch movies.	Read news, listen to the music, no more.
See ya!	Mm-hmm. I'll come to you next time when I'm bored.
I've been very good recently. I got a bonus.	I'm so happy. I did well in the exam.
Thank you.	Thank you.
I don't want to listen to music for the time being.	Sorry, I'm not in the mood to listen to music for the moment.
I like him very much.	He is my idol.
Yes, he is also a model of a good man.	I especially like his movies.
I've seen this movie. Any other recommendations?	I'm sorry, I've seen this movie. Do you have any other recommendations?
What kind of movie is it?	Who is the director of the film?
It's really good. I'll see it when I have time.	Then I must go and have a look when I have time.
OK, I'll see it sometime.	Thank you for your recommendation.
See ya!	Bye!
OK, it's playing for you.	There you go.
[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend another song of Leehom Wang, All the Things You Never Knew, which is full of strong classical flavor. It's also one of Leehom Wang's representative Cantonese songs.	[2] My pleasure. I'd like to recommend another song by him, Dad Where Are We Going? I have to say that Kris Wu is so good looking in the live MV.
Then you can listen to his Run Toward the Future, which is the theme song of the movie Heroes 2.	Then why don't you listen to A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream? It's full of youth style.
It's a very positive song.	It's very nice. You will like it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Shall I play it for you?
There you go.	Here it goes.
You're welcome. I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is January 18, 2018.	Hello. Today is July 10, 2018.
[2] You know what? Today is Jacky Cheung's birthday.	[2] You're welcome. Today is Jacky Cheung's birthday, too.
Yes. He won Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.	You're asking the right person. He has won the 8th Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor and the Best Actor Award at the 32nd International Film Festival of India. There are many other awards.
[3] Since you like him so much, I recommend you to listen to his song, The Sun Washed by Spring Rain, which is very catchy.	[3] Jacky Cheung is good at not only singing, but also acting. In the movie The Enigma of Love which is starred by him, his acting skills are really speechless. I recommend it to you.
It's 7.4.	It's 7.5.
It won't let you down.	I hope you'll like it.
All right. Bye!	OK, see ya!
Today is sunny to cloudy, southwest wind, the highest temperature is 13℃, the lowest temperature is 5℃.	It's mostly cloudy with northeast wind. The highest temperatue will be 20 ℃, and lowest 12 ℃. It's really a nice weather.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Sautéed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce.	[2] I'd like to recommend  Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce which is a good match with such a weather.
That's great. You can try it.	It's a very popular dish.
[3] If you want to eat, you can go to Sansheng Sanwei Tantra Sichuan Cuisine (University Town store). It's very good.	Well, it must be very good.
See ya!	Okay, goodbye.
Hello, Jackie Chan is the star of this movie.	Hello, it's Jackie Chan.
[2] You're right. Jackie Chan is a legend.	[2] Lol, Jackie Chan is really an excellent movie actor and a famous martial arts star.
Yeah, he has also won Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.	A lot of people like him. He has won the MTV Film Award for Lifelong Achievement. Jackie Chan's acting career is fainally complete.
[3] Yeah, have you seen his movies? I'd recommend a good one to you. Jackie Chan's action film The Impossible Task is a good example of this type.	[3] The Art of Action: Martial Arts in Motion Picture is a documentary about Hong Kong kung fu movies which is starred by him. It's very good. I'd like to recommend it.
Hong Kong, China.	America.
You're going to love it.	It won't let you down.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 2 ℃ and low - 6 ℃. Keep warm.	There is a light rain with variable winds in Chongqing today. The highest temperature will be 16 ℃, and lowest 13 ℃ 。
[2] Thank you for your praise. Today's weather is very suitable for listening to Who Who's the Keyman. The lyrics are catchy and the rhythm is lively.	[2] You're welcome. Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil is a good match with this weather.
You can try this hot dish today.	It's a good dish beacause it's nutritious and delicious
[3] Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil at Country Love Dumpling Restaurant is very good. I recommend it to you.	[3] You can go to Sansheng Sanwei Tantra Sichuan Food (Longfor Paradise Walk Store) tp taste it.  Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil is their specialty.
The price per person is 44. The address is at the intersection of Yatai Street and Fanrong Road in Nanguan District, and the rate is 5.	It costs 59 yuan each person, and it is on the 5th Floor of Longhu Shidaitian Street, No. 174 Shiyou Road, Yuzhong District (next to the path from hallA to Hall C). The rate is 3.9.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	Okay, I'll make a reservation for you now.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
It's 6 p.m.	Hello, it's 12:00 noon on October 24, 2018.
[2] Hee hee, it's cloudy. Northeast winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 6 ℃.	[2] Lol, I'm flattered! Here is the nformation about today's weather. Xi'an is  mostly cloudy with a chance of light rain and northeast wind. The highest temperature will be 20 ℃, and lowest 12 ℃
Thank you for that.	I'm glad I can help you!
Yeah, bye!	You're welcome, goodbye~
It's cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 18 ℃, and low 10 ℃.	Today, the weather in Hengshui is cloudy turning to sunny with north wind. The maximum temperature is 19 degrees and the minimum temperature is 6 degrees.
[2] Hey, it's a good day to listen to the song named All the Things You Never Knew. It's a classic lyric song of Leehom Wang.	[2] Lol, in this weather,it's must be very pleasant to listen to Invisible Hands. Netizens commented that they were shocked by the lyrics.
It's Jiong He's.	It's Jiong He's.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play this song for you?
Okay, please enjoy it.	It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
He's a Virgo.	He's a Virgo!
[2] Speaking of Leslie Cheung, he is the first famous Chinese singer to enter the Korean music scene.	[2] I'm flattered! You like Leslie Cheung very much, don't you? He is one of the 100 Outstanding Actors in Chinese Movies!
He is a famous singer in Hong Kong. He is not only a great singer, but also a good actor.	Then you really have a good taste. He's very good. He has been shortlisted for the Best Actor Award of Cannes International Film Festival three times!
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Run Toward the Future, which is the theme song of the movie Heroes 2.	[3] Since you like him so much, you should listen to Together We Move On. The original song was written by Tanura Shinji. Leslie Cheung once again showed his ability to control songs. In the state of being born without desire or desire, he was not so much singing a song as directing a band.
Yeah, you'll love it!	You'll like it very much. It won't let you down
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] It's better to hit the sun than choose a day. I'll play it for you now, OK?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	OK, here it goes. Enjoy it~
Bye!	All right, goodbye!
Today's weather is sunny with southwest winds. The high will be 26 ℃ and low 13 ℃. Remember to take an umbrella when you go out.	Today, the sunny sky comes after a light rain with western wind. The highest temperature will be 10 ℃ and lowest - 3 ℃
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for listening to the song Heroes of Earth. This song is also a classic in the hearts of Leehom Wang.	[2] You can try Sautéed Spicy Pork today.
Then you can try it.	That's great. You can taste it.
Thank you for that.	[3] You can go to Laoqi Sichuan Restaurant. The food there is very delicious.
It's 0 per person.	32 yuan. It's not expensive.
It's on the fourth floor of Zhubang City Square, Qingnian Road, Kuancheng District.	Next to Yinhe Yuzhuang, Golden Home, No. 914, Qilian Road, Chengbei District.
It's 3.7.	4.7, quite good.
I'll make a reservation for you now.	OK, I'll make a reservation for you right away.
Goodbye.	Bye!
Yes, her birthday is September 12th.	Her birthday is May 24.
[2] Thank you for your praise. You know what? Cecilia Cheung won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress.	[2] Since you're talking about Cecilia Cheung, you must like her very much! She has won Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress. And  as a singer, she has won the Gold Award of the Most Popular Newcomer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.
You have a good taste. She has also won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress.	Mm-hmm. she has also won Chinese Film Media Awards for the Most Popular Actress.
[3] I'd like to recommend a movie named King of Comedy starred by her. It's a beautiful movie about love. I recommend you to see it!	[3] You can have a look at her King of Comedy. In this film, even a small supporting role and even a supporting role of the supporting role are very brilliant.
It's 7.4.	It's up to eight.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Mm-hmm. Hope you like it.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
Good morning.	Hello
It's boring.	I'm tired of taking my grandson at home.
My favorite movie is Super Player.	I like Super Player best.
I like Bingbing Fan best.	I like Na Xie best.
Yes, I like her very much.	Lol, I like her because of her talent.
Yes, she is excellent.	Mm-hmm.Very nice. She's a good girl
I'm not interested in this movie.	I don't like this kind of movie.
What's the score?	Who else is the leading actor of this movie?
Yeah, pretty good. That sounds good.	Not bad. I'll have a look when I have time
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm going to have a rest now. See you next time.	[6] Of course, I'm afraid I have to go.
Bye!	Bye!
Today's weather is cloudy with southeast wind. The maximum temperature is 12 ℃ and the minimum temperature is 0 ℃.	It's sunny with southwest wind. The highest temperature will be 9 ℃ and lowest - 9 ℃.
[2] It's a good day to listen to the song named All the Things You Never Knew. The melody and lyrics integrate the eastern and western elements and make innovations to better integrate rap music with Chinese traditional culture.	[2] Mm-hmm, today's weather is very suitable for listening to Chinese Soul. This song integrates Eastern and Western elements and makes innovations, so as to better integrate rap music with Chinese traditional culture.
It's Kris Wu.	It's your favorite Kris Wu.
[3] Do you want me to play this song for you now?	[3] Shall play it now?
It's playing for you.	Okay, here it goes.
Good night.	Good night.
Good afternoon!	Hello
I did well in the exam. I'm very happy.	The exam was good, but I have to keep working hard.
But I don't want to listen to music now.	But I don't want to listen to music now.
I like him very much.	Yes, he is a celibrity from Taiwan.
Yeah, he's a great singer.	Yes, he has won the IFPI Hong Kong Record Sales Award for seven consecutive years.
I've seen it.	I'm not interested in the film.
Who is the director?	What kind of movie is this?
I'll see it when I'm free.	Not bad. It's my type. Then I'll have a look.
[5] OK, I'm home. Talk to you later.	[5] Talk to you next time. I'll go and have a look.
Bye!	Bye!
Hello, today is May 17, 2018.	Hello, today is May 17, 2018!
[2] You're welcome. Do you know today is Leehom Wang's birthday?	I'm lucky to stay by your side! Haha!
Haha, thank you!	[2] I like you too! You know what? Today is Leehom Wang's birthday.
Yeah, he is also the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart!	Yes, he is the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart. You really have a good eye.
[3] His song Snake Dance is recommended to you! The melody of this song is very catchy!	[3] Haha, I recommend you to listen to his song You're Not Here. This song describes how powerless we can be when we're in love. It's so touching.
Yes, it's very popular!	You can take the chance to check it out. It's a good song. You'll like it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Can I play it for you now?
Haha, it's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	OK. Now playing You're Not Here.
OK, bye!	I'll leave you alone then. Goodbye.
It will turn from sunny to cloudy today. Northeast winds. The high will be - 5 ℃, and low - 13 ℃.	Today is sunny with variable winds. The high is 19 ℃ and the low 4 ℃. Remember to wrap up warm.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Sautéed Beef Fillet.	[2] It's a good day to listen to music. You can try You're Not Here. This song describes how powerless we can be when we're in love. It's very touching.
It's Kris Wu.	Leehom Wang. You will like it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you?
OK, it's playing for you.	You're Not Here is playing.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	Bye!
Hsu Chi is 167cm tall.	I know. She's 5 feet 6 inches.
[2] Hsu Chi is a beauty in the entertainment circle. Of course I know her.	[2] Hsu Chi is so graceful and elegant. A true beauty.
Hsu Chi is also the Most Popular Actress of Chinese Film Media Awards. She's really popular.	Besides her beauty, she's also a great actress. She has won Hong Kong Film Award for Best Supporting Actress and Asian Film Awards for Best Actress.
[3] Hsu Chi is a beautiful actress in the entertainment circle. I recommend you to see her movie, A Better Tomorrow, which is starred by her.	[3] Speaking of acting skills, I recommend you to watch City of Glass. She's the leading actress in the movie. It's a love story.
It's 7.6.	It's 7.5.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I believe it won't let you down.
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
Good afternoon!	Hello
It's easy.	I'm in a good mood because I've been promoted.
My favorite movie is What a Wonderful World.	What a Wonderful World is my favorite. It's a great movie.
I like Mi Yang best.	Of course, it's Andy Lau, a veteran star!
Yes, he has also won many awards, such as the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.	I'm his fan. He's also one of the Ten Outstanding Young Persons of the World. He's the one I look up to.
He's really excellent.	Yeah. I like his movies too.
I've seen it.	I've watched it. I don't want to watch it another time.
Who are the stars?	I haven't watched it. Who is the director? And how about the rating?
Then I'll watch it.	OK, thank you for your recommendation. I'll watch it some time.
Bye!	Byebye!
Good evening.	Hello.
It's good. I got promoted.	I just received my bonus and that makes me happy.
My name is Pinglu Liu.	My name is Liguo Jin.
I'm a man.	Man.
I'm 37 years old.	I'm 27.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	I usually watch movies or something.
Bye!	Okay, bye~
Not bad.	I'm fine. A little depressed.
I didn't do well in the exam.	It doesn't matter. It's just I didn't do well in a exam.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	Not really for movie at the moment
Yeah, I like him very much.	Sure. He's also my favorite.
He's my idol. He's really great.	Wow, Nicholas Tse is not only handsome but also a good singer. That's my idol.
I've heard this song. I don't want to listen to it now.	I've heard it. I'm not interested in this song.
I haven't heard this song yet. Is it nice?	It's Nicholas Tse's song, but don’t know if it's also a good song.
I'll listen to it.	I really want to listen to it.
Sure.	Sure.
[6] I'm going to school now. See you next time.	[6] It's a great song. I have to go back to my studies. Talk to you next time.
Bye!	Bye!
Of course. It's Jay Chou.	It's Jay Chou.
[2] Speaking of Jay Chou, he's a super popular singer in Asia.	[2] Speaking of Jay Chou, he has won twice the MTV Asia Awards for Most Popular Artist.
Yes, he has also won The Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.	He is also on the CNN's 25 Most Influential People in Asia List. That's the proof of his popularity.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his song Secret, which is a love story in the style of British rock music.	[3] Do you want to listen to his song Rooftop? It's a typical Jay Chou song. It got the characteristics that can represent his style.
Yes, it's very popular.	It's a great song. You can check it out.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you need me to play this song for you?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	OK. Playing Rooftop.
You're welcome. Glad you like it.	Come to me when you want more music. I will make quality recommendations.
Goodbye.	Then I won't disturb you, bye!
It's Jimmy Lin.	Jimmy Lin.
[2] Jimmy Lin is the king of Taiwan idol music.	[2] Do you know that Jimmy Lin has been on the list of Top Ten Most Popular Idols in Taiwan three times?
You have a good taste. He also won the Best Actor of the Taiwan Golden Horse Film Festival.	Yes, he was also the Champion of the Year of Taiwan Supercar Challenge in 2001.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Rain Falls All Night to you. This song has a long lasting charm. You can listen to it.	[3] I recommend you to watch his movie A Home Too Far 2. It's about the backbone of a nation and the people who are loyal to their country.
Andy Lau and Alessandro Caroni.	There're also Rosamund Kwan, Tony Leung Chiu-wai, and Ray Lui.
I'm sure you'll like it.	OK, you will like it.
Bye!	Okay, bye.
It's 6 p.m.	It's at 10 p.m.
[2] I also know that it's cloudy with northeast winds today. The high will be 19 ℃, and low 7 ℃.	[2] I also know that Hengshui today is sunny with south winds. The high is 20 ℃ and the low is 9 ℃.
Thank you for that.	Thank you for that.
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
Hello, Mi Yang was born on October 18, 1974.	She was born in 1986.
[2] Thank you. Mi Yang is the most beautiful actress in the mainland of China. Do you like her?	[2] She is a top star in China. Of course, she's beautiful. She has also won the Chinese Film Media Award for Most Anticipated Actress. She's quite popular.
She has also won the Most Anticipated Actress of the Chinese Film Media Award.	She has also won the Chinese Film Media Award for Most Anticipated Performance.
[3] Her acting is very good. I'd like to recommend to you a movie starred by her. This movie is called A Better Tomorrow II.	[3] Well, I recommend you to watch her movie Love in the Buff. You can check it out.
The leading roles are Xiaoming Huang, Bai Wu and others. It's a good movie.	They are Miriam Yeung and Zheng Xu.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Yes, you can totally check it out.
Bye!	All right, all right, goodbye.
Type A.	It's type O.
[2] You're welcome. Bo Huang is an excellent actor.	[2] You're welcome. Bo Huang is a great actor. He has won the Best Actor Award at Beijing College Student Film Festival.
He is also one of the Top Ten Outstanding Youth in Shandong Province.	You have a good taste. He's also eloquent and knows how to deal with people. It's a certain thing that he'll succeed.
[3] I'd like to recommend his movie The Sun Washed by Spring Rain to you. The scenes in the movie are wonderful.	[3] I happen to have his movie No Man's Road. It's a classic road movie. You can check it out.
The director is Hao Ning.	It's Hao Ning.
You'll like it.	They make a perfect team in the movie. You won't be disappointed.
I'm sure you'll like it.	OK. You gotta watch it!
All right. Bye!	Well, goodbye!
Playing Fireworks Cool Easily.	It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
[2] You're welcome. By the way, I'd like to recommend Kris Wu's song Floral Sea to you. The whole song uses the style of island style to convey the feeling of island. It's a beautiful song.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, I recommend you to listen to Jay Chou's Self Directed Act. It's a R&B.
How about Run Toward the Future, which is the theme song of the movie Heroes 2?	Then you can listen to his song Floral Sea, which is a song full of island style. Jay Chou sings with island way of singing,  with quite a soothing power.
Then you can try it. It's a very good song.	It's a special song. I hope you'll like it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
OK, see ya!	OK. I will leave you alone then. Bye.
On my way home.	Hello. Hi. I'm on my way home.
Yes, I've made progress in my study.	Yes, I've been making progress in my studies and I got compliments for that.
My name is Pinglu Liu.	Of course, my name is Fangxia Liu.
Yeah, you're smart.	Yeah.
I'm six years old.	Yes. I'm 9.
I like watching anime and listening to children's songs.	I like animals and watching animations.
[6] OK, I'm home. Talk later.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6] I have to go. I'm arriving at home.
Today is January 18, 2018.	Today is August 29th, 2018
[2] You know what? Today is Nicholas Tse's birthday.	[2] Haha, I like you too! It's also Nicholas Tse's birthday today. Do you know that?
You really have a good taste. Nicholas Tse is a great actor and won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Supporting Actor.	You have a good taste. Although he is not a genius, he works hard, and he has won the Hong Kong Film Awards for Best Actor.
[3] Then you must watch his movie, All the Way, which tells a story about a boy who lives a life of chasing stars, and only love comes from chasing stars. I recommend it to you.	[3] Speaking of movies, I recommend you to watch The Beast Stalker. The director did a great job in depicting human emotions, better than he ever does. And the film is touching.
[4] Well, I'd like to recommend Cecilia Cheung's Rose War to you. It's a romantic love movie.	[4] Well, you can watch her movie Wu Yen. It's a great movie. In the battle out of personal interest, love seems more precious.
It's Dante Lam.	The directors are Qifeng Du and Jiahui Wei.
Yeah, I'm sure you'll like it.	Yes. You should watch it. It worth your time.
[5] OK, I'm going to sleep. Talk later.	[5] OK, it's time for you to go to work. I will leave you alone then.
Bye!	Goodbye!
It's 8 p.m.	It's ten o'clock in the evening.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, it's cloudy with southeast winds today. The high will be 20 ℃, and the low 15 ℃.	[2] Haha. Right. Today will turn from being mostly cloudy to drizzly with variable winds. The high is 15 ℃ and low 10 ℃.
Yes, keep warm.	Remember to wrap up warm and take the umbrella tomorrow~
Well, thank you for that.	I will always be your sweet baby.
Bye!	See ya!
Good afternoon!	Hi.
It's good. I got a promotion.	Not so well. I got a lot of pressure from work.
I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music now.
I like him very much.	Yeah, I really like him.
Yes, I like his songs very much.	He also won the 4th World Music Awards for Best Selling Chinese Artist.
I've seen it. I don't want to see it for the moment.	I've seen this one.
How's the review?	Who starred in it?
It's good. I'll see it when I have time.	Such a cast! It must be great. I will check it out.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Hello, today is May 17, 2018.	Hello, today is October 12, 2018!
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Xun Zhou's birthday.	It's nothing. I'm glad to serve you!
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Xun Zhou's birthday.	[2] It's already noon. Do you want to go out? It's cloudy with south winds today. The high is 20 ℃ and the low 10 ℃. Remember to choose the right outfit.
Okay. I'm going to wear a coat today.	OK, be careful with the temperature change! Come to me if you need me. I'll be here as always.
[3] Well, I'll leave you alone, goodbye!	I'm honored.
Bye!	Goodbye, I'll wait for you!
It's 12 o'clock at noon.	It's 18:00 p.m.
[2] It's light rain with northeast winds today. The high will be 23 ℃ and low 16 ℃.	[2] Haha. Here is today's weather forecast. Today will turn from being cloudy to drizzly with northwest winds. The high is 14 ℃, and the low is 9 ℃.
Yes, keep warm.	Yeah, wrap up warm.
Okay, bye.	All right. Bye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	Today is May 6, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is also the birthday of Cecilia Cheung.	[2] My pleasure. Today is also Na Xie's birthday.
Na Xie is a very good host. She once won the Excellent Host Award of China TV Golden Eagle Award.	It seems that you are her fan. Na Xie is called as the queen of variety shows.
[3] I'd like to recommend you a song She's Gone Far Away, which is an episode of TV series Don't Love Me. It's full of strong classical flavor. Na Xie sings it with a delicate voice.	[3] Really? I recommend you to watch the movie Happy Running. She is in the movie along with the other co-hosts of the Chinese variety show Happy Camp. You can check it out. An excellent animation.
Not bad.	It's good.
The score is 7.3.	The rating is 6.4.
OK, I'm sure you'll like it.	Yes, I hope you like it.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Good afternoon.	Well, I've been busy at the company.
Yes, I will.	I have to. It's just life.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	Not really for movie at the moment
Andy Lau is my idol. I like him very much	Andy Lau is my idol. He's talented.
Yes, he's really excellent.	I love his songs. I have basically listened to his every song.
I've heard it.	I have. Another one?
That sounds good.	Is this a new song?
I really want to hear it.	OK, I want to listen to it.
Sure.	Yes.
[6] I'll talk to you next time, goodbye.	It's a great song. Thank you for adding another great song to my list.
Bye!	Bye!
Today, it is sunny with northwest wind, the highest temperature is 18℃, the lowest temperature is 7℃.	Today will be sunny with variable winds. The high is 31 ℃, and low 21 ℃
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for eating Spicy Crawfish.	[2] This kind of weather is great for having Duck Blooding Chili Sauce.
Then you can try this hot dish.	Haha, I'm glad you said that. I hope you like it.
[3] You can go to the Yicaiyige Classic Sichuan Cuisine. It's their speciality.	I wish you a good meal in advance.
Bye!	See ya!
Hello, today is May 17, 2018.	Hello, today is November 6, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Kris Wu's birthday.	[2] Pleasure. Today is also Kris Wu's birthday!
Yes, he is also the Top Ten Most Popular Male Celebrity of 2015 Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony.	Well, you have a good taste. He's excellent!
[3] I recommend his song All the Things You Never Knew to you. Kris Wu sings very well!	[3] Haha, I recommend you to listen to his song Hold Me Down. It's about a man who's in love and devoted all himself to a woman no matter what other people say about the relationship. It's a great song.
Yeah, it's great.	Sure, go check it out.
[4] Can I play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play this song for you now?
OK, playing Hold Me Down for you.	OK, it's on now. Please enjoy it.
Goodbye.	Goodbye~
He was born in Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Leslie Cheung was born in Kowloon, Hong Kong.
[2] You're welcome. Leslie Cheung won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor. Do you like him?	[2] I'm flattered. Speaking of Leslie Cheung, he's a great idol.
He is one of the 100 Outstanding Actors in Chinese Films Century.	Yes, and he has been nominated for the Hong Kong Film Awards eight times for Best Actor. He won the Hong Kong Film Critics Society Award for Best Actor. And he has also won Golden Music Award in Malaysia.
[3] Yes, you may listen to his song There Is a Place. Leslie Cheung's singing is very beautiful.	[3] I recommend you to listen to Blamefully Beautiful. It's song like a love letter. No singing skills or natural voice can beat the concentration he put in singing this song.
Yes, you can listen to it.	Yes, Leslie Cheung has a clean and delicate voice.
[4] Would you like to play Blamefully Beautiful for you now?	[4] Do you need to listen to it now?
Playing Blamefully Beautiful for you.	Now playing Blamefully Beautiful.
I'm glad you like it.	He got a touching voice.
OK, bye~	All right. Bye!
It's sunny with northwest winds in Wuxi today. The highest temperature will be 21℃, and lowest 10℃.	Today is cloudy with northeast winds. The high is 4 ℃ and the low is - 2 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. It's a perfect day to have Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili.	[2] It's a great day to have Steamed Pork with Preserved Vegetable. It will make you feel warm.
Then you can try it today.	You should have it today.
[3] I recommend you to go to Chuanlaojiu Chuanchuanxiang for Steamed Pork with Preserved Vegetable. It's their specialty.	[3] You can go to Zhongtian Food Sichuan Cuisine(Normal University Store). They got great Steamed Pork with Preserved Vegetable.
The price per person is about 40 yuan. The score is 4.2.	An average of 29 yuan for each customer. The rating is 5.
It's at No.270, Normal University Road, Yuhua District (next to Normal University branch).	It's at No.26 on the Normal University Road, Yanta District (close by Normal University Branch of ICBC).
I'll make a reservation for you right away.	OK, I'll make a reservation for you.
OK, goodbye.	Bye!
She weighs 168kg.	56kg.
[2] Thank you. Bingbing Fan is a goddess in the entertainment circle.	[2] Speaking of her, she is so hard-working and she's cool.
She has won the Best Actress of the Houston International Film Festival. Her acting skills are really good.	She owns a company and she's quite generous.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend her movie "Heroes of Earth" to you. It's a good movie with good reputation.	[3] In this case, I recommend you to watch her movie Call for Love. It’s a romantic comedy about a uncommon love story between a man and a woman.
Bingbing Fan, Nicholas Tse, Bingbing Fan.	There are Zheng Xu and Annie Yi.
I'm sure you'll like it.	OK, I hope you like it.
Bye!	Bye!
Yes, he's Capricorn.	He's a Capricorn.
[2] Speaking of Jay Chou, he is a superstar.	[2] Jay Chou is extremely popular in Asia.
He is also the Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.	He's also a great singer. He's like a king level of singer in China.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Snake Dance to you. It's very catchy.	[3] I recommend you to listen to his song Free Tutorial Video. He has been making progress and surpassing himself. It's a great song.
You can try it.	It's also a great song.
[4] May I play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
See ya!	See ya!
Today is mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 26 ℃ and low 19 ℃.	Today will be sunny with south winds. The high is 19 ℃ and low 2 ℃. The temperature difference is huge. Be careful. Don’t catch a cold.
[2] Hey hey, it's suitable to eat Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce in such weather.	[2] Thank you. It's a great day to have Sautéed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce.
This hot dish is very popular.	It's delicious.
[3] You can order it at Wanzhou Roasted Fish.	[3] If you want, you can go to Kwonkimdo Korean Self-served BBQ and Hot Pot to have it.
53 yuan.	An average of 44 yuan for each person.
It's located at No.27 Shida Road, Shinan District (next to the passage from hall A to Hall C).	It's on the sixth floor of the Large World on the Zhongshan Road.
It's got a 3.9.	The rating is 3.4.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you.	OK, I'll make a reservation for you later.
Bye!	Bye.
I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	I have been making progress. I'm happy.
OK, I will study harder.	Thank you. I will.
My name is Xuanhang Wang.	Hello, my name is Fanyu mo.
I'm a girl.	A man.
I'm nine years old.	I just turn 18.
I like watching movies and news.	I like following up on celebrities' news and watching movies.
Bye!	Bye!
Good evening.	Good evening.
It's OK. I've made some progress in my study.	Not so well. I didn't do well in exams.
I like to watch the movie named The Legend of Speed.	My favorite is The Legend of Speed.
Xiaoming Huang.	Cecilia Cheung.
Yes, I like her very much.	She got great acting skills. I like her.
That's good. She's really popular.	I like Cecilia Cheung. She's so honest and doesn't hide. I really like watching her in costume dramas. She's beautiful.
I've seen this movie. Any other recommendations?	It is a great comedy, but I have watched it.
The reputation is good.	How about the comments on the movie?
Well, I'll watch it when I have time.	Who is the director?
Sounds good. I'll watch it.	OK, I'll go and have a look now.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Very good.	Everything's fine. What makes things even better is that I got promoted.
Haha, I didn't expect that I got promoted.	Yeah, all my hard works pay back.
I don't want to listen to music now.	Not for now. Let's talk about something else.
Yes, I like him very much.	Of course. He's my idol. Haha. He was the Top Ten Influential TV Hosts on the Internet at the 3rd China TV Internet Influence Ceremony.
He is really a model of an excellent host.	There's more. He's also an excellent producer. That's why I like him.
I'm not interested in the film.	You're wrong. That's not my type.
Sounds good. Who's the director?	Animals? OK. How about the rating of the movie?
That's really good. I'll see it.	Interesting. I can watch it when I got nothing else to do.
[5] I'm going to work. I'll talk to you later.	[5] Haha, I'll go make a plan. Talk later.
Ok, goodbye.	OK, see ya!
She's a Taurus.	Of course. She's a Taurus.
[2] I also know that Na Xie is a popular hostess.	[2] Speaking of her, she's a famous hostess and she's known for being hard-working in the entertainment industry.
She also won the Excellent Host of China TV Golden Eagle Award.	She has also won the Golden Eagle Award for Outstanding Host. It's the reward for her hard work.
[3] I recommend you to see Na Xie's movie Secret, which is a very good movie.	[3] Speaking of acting, I recommend you to watch the movie Hongmao and Lantu: the Fire Phoenix, in which she plays the leading role. It's a great animation for children. It can bee seen as the representative of Chinese animation.
The director of the film is Rongrong Li.	The director is Mengfan He. Comments are mostly good ones.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I'm sure you'll like it.
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	Today is November 6th, 2018
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Kris Wu's birthday. He was born on November 6th, 1990.	[2] Today is also Kris Wu's birthday.
You have a good taste. Kris Wu is a popular idol. He won the Best Newcomer Award at the 3rd China International Film Festival London.	Yes. He is also the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his Rain. It's very catchy. It's a hip-hop song. Kris Wu's face in the MV is really handsome.	[3] I recommend you to listen to listen to his song One Dream. I have to say that Kris looks incredible in the music video. It's just his face didn't show that much in the video.
Yes. It's a love song.	Yeah. You'll like it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Well, would you like me to play this song for you now?
There you go.	OK, here it goes.
All right. Bye!	Okay. Bye.
Jiong He's birthday is November 13th.	It's April 28th.
[2] Jiong He's birthday is also Jiong He's birthday.	[2] He Jiong used to be a teacher.
Yes, and also won the Excellent Host Award of China TV Golden Eagle Award.	He is also the Star of China Charities Aid Foundation for Children.
[3] Yes, I recommend you to listen to his song named The Sun Washed by Spring Rain. It's very catchy.	[3] Do you want to listen to his Another Self? Jiong He is 41, yet, through the song, he conveys the idea of conquering himself, nothing is too late, and accomplishing his dream of becoming a director.
I think it's good.	It's a good song. You can try it out.
[4] Do you need me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it now?
Another Self is playing.	Now playing Another Self.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
The weather in Haikou today is cloudy with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 18℃ and the minimum temperature will be 10℃.	There will first be showers and the day will turn cloudy with southwest winds. The high will be 17 ℃, and low 7 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for eating Marinated Fish.	[2] I'm flattered. It's a good day to listen to music. How about this one - Time Boils the Rain? It's a good song that will remind you of your youth.
Yes, it's very nice. You can listen to it.	Yes, I hope you like it.
Then you can listen to it. It won't let you down.	[3] Haha, do you want me to play it for you now?
It's on.	OK, here it goes.
All right. Bye!	Okay. Bye.
Hello, Lhasa today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 6 ℃ and low - 4 ℃.	Today is cloudy with southwest winds. The high will be 14 ℃ and low 0 ℃. The temperature is a little low. Remember to wrap up warm.
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for eating Kung Pao Chicken.	[2] That's the least I can do. It's a good weather to have Jiaozi Stuffed with Celery. Do you like it?
It's a very popular cold dish.	It's made of ordinary ingredients, yet it's still delicious.
[3] I'd like to recommend you a delicious foodie Jiaozi Stuffed with Celery.	[3] I know a restaurant which can make the most delicious Jiaozi Stuffed with Celery. It's Tianwaitian Seafood Dumplings (Jiankang Street Store). It has my strong recommendation.
The address is at the southwest corner of the intersection of Tiankiming Road and Kaixuan Road in Wuchang District. The rating is 3.7.	It's in No.3202 on the Jiankang street, Lishan district (southwest corner of the intersection of Changhong street and Jiankang Street). The estimated average cost is 40 yuan for each customer. It's not expensive. And it got the high rating of 4.9.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	OK, I'll make a reservation for you now. I hope you have a good lunch!
[4] OK, I'll talk to you next time. Bye.	[4] I will leave you alone then. Come to me when you feel bored!
Bye!	Bye!
Stranger In The North is playing for you.	OK, I'll play it for you right away.
[2] It's my pleasure. I'd like to recommend another song All the Things You Never Knew by Jiong He. It's a hip-hop song with warm melody.	[2] My pleasure. I recommend you to listen to this great song All the Things You Never Knew. It got classical elements in it and deep feelings are buried in it.
How about A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream? It's a great song. It's the theme song of World of Sword.	Sure. How about Open Fire? The song is full of power just like the name implies.
[3] Shall I play it for you now?	It also got great lyrics. You'll see after you listen to it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do I need me to play this song for you now?
It's playing for you.	Now playing.
Not a problem at all, as long as you like it.	Not a problem at all, as long as you like it.
Sure thing, I won't keep you any longer. See ya.	Sure thing, I won't keep you any longer. See ya.
It's Kris Wu.	It's Kris Wu.
[2] Speaking of Kris Wu, he's a very popular male star in the entertainment circle.	[2] My pleasure. Speaking of Kris Wu, he is a pop star with high popularity.
He has won the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony in 2015.	Yeah. He's incredible. He was also granted Outstanding Young Person Award at Sina's 15th Anniversary.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Chinese Soul to you. Kris Wu's face in the Live MV is really beautiful.	[3] Chinese Soul is a good song of his. It mixes Chinese and western elements. It's like a hybrid of hip hop music and traditional Chinese culture. You can check it out.
Yes. It's very popular.	It's a good song. You can try it out.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Shall I play this song for you now?
There you go.	Now playing Chinese Soul.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	Bye!
Today's mostly cloudy with northeast wind, the highest temperature is 13℃, the lowest temperature is 5℃.	Today is sunny with south winds. The high will be 6 ℃ and low - 8 ℃.
[2] It's a good day to eat Mapo Tofu.	[2] Careful not catch a cold. It's a perfect weather to listen to You're Not Here. This song describes how powerless we can be when we're in love. It's very touching.
You're Not Here is also sung by Kris Wu. It's a song about memories. It's very touching.	Haha, I'm honored.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	Now playing You're Not Here.
You're welcome. As long as you like it!	My pleasure. I hope you like it
Bye!	OK, see ya!
It's Cecilia Cheung.	Sure. It's Nicholas Tse.
[2] Thank you. Nicholas Tse is a very good actor.	[2] Speaking of Nicholas Tse, he is also the most popular male singer on the Chinese Pop Music List.
He is also the Most Popular Male Singer of the Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards, and has won the Most Popular Male Singer of Golden Melody Awards five times.	There's also a wax figure of him at Madame Tussauds in London. He has won the Chinese Film Media Award for Versatile Actor.
[3] Have you seen his movie Unforgetable? The movie plays a love story between Nicholas Tse and Kun Chen. It's very good.	[3] I recommend you to watch the movie Matade Fumaca in which he plays the leading role. It's seriously underrated.
It's a drama film with a rating of 7.4.	It's a romantic drama and got the rating of 7.4.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I'm sure you'll like it.
All right. Bye!	All right. Bye!
Today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 26 ℃ and low 13 ℃.	Today will be drizzly with north winds. The high will be 18 ℃ and low 12 ℃.
[2] Thank you. It's a perfect day for Duck Blooding Chili Sauce.	[2] I also know it's a perfect weather to have Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers.
Then you can try this hot dish.	You can have it today. It's delicious. And it will make you feel warm.
[3] You can order Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers at Huihuang Sichuan Restaurant.	I promise it won't let you down.
Bye!	Bye!
It's 12:00 noon, November 22, 2018.	December 4, 2018, 8 a.m.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, today's weather in Zhengzhou is sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 21 ℃ and low 10 ℃. Keep warm.	[2] Do you want to know about today's weather?
Today's weather is sunny with southwest winds. The high will be 15 ℃ and low 10 ℃.	Guiyang will be mostly cloudy with northeast winds today. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 7 ℃.
Thank you for that.	Thanks for that.
Bye!	Bye.
He's a Virgo.	He's a Virgo
[2] Do you like Leslie Cheung? He's one of Ten Outstanding Young Persons of Hong Kong.	[2] Haha, love you. You know? Leslie Cheung has won the Hong Kong Film Awards for Best Actor.
Well, he also won the Golden Needle Award, the highest honor in Hong Kong music circle.	You have a good taste. He also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Actor.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend his song The Years Flow Like Water to you. It's the theme song of the classic love movie.	[3] Speaking of his movies, have you watched his movie Moonlight Express? It's a touching film.
It's 7.6.	The rating is 7.8.
I'm sure you'll like it.	OK, you'll like it!
Bye!	OK, good luck with your work. Bye!
It's Leslie Cheung.	It's Leslie Cheung.
[2] You're welcome. Leslie Cheung is the king of Hong Kong music.	[2] Leslie Cheung has won the Hong Kong Film Critics Society Award for Best Actor. He's excellent.
Leslie Cheung is also a popular idol. He is also one of the 25 greatest actors in Asia on CNN.	He has also won the Golden Music Award in Malaysia.
[3] I recommend his song The Years Flow Like Water. It's a good song. Leslie Cheung sings with a determined voice. I believe you will like it.	[3] I recommend you to listen to his song Thousands of Songs. Each lines of lyrics and every note expressed the hidden feeling. It depicts a vivid scene of lovers leaving each other.
Yes, many people like it.	The song itself is great, too.
[4] Shall I play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play Thousands of Songs now?
Thousands of Songs is playing for you.	Now playing Thousands of Songs.
All right. Bye!	Bye!
Today is September 12, 2018.	Today is September 12, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Mi Yang's birthday.	[2] My pleasure. Do you know Mi Yang? Today is her birthday.
She's a popular idol. Many people like her. She has won the Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress.	You have a good eye. She has won Magnolia Award for Most Popular Actress in the Shanghai International Film and TV Festival.
[3] Then I'd like to recommend a song named She's Gone Far Away to you. The simple lyrics and simple music integrate western and western elements, and convey the feeling of "everything is in time".	[3] Ha ha, do you like her movies? I recommend you to watch Legend of Ravaging Dynasties. It's a great movie full of imaginations.
Not bad.	Comments are generally good ones. You can check it out.
Hope you like it.	I hope you like it.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
Of course. He's 172cm tall.	He's around 5 feet 7 inches.
[2] Speaking of Aaron Kwok, he is one of the Ten Outstanding Young Persons of Hong Kong.	[2] My pleasure. I know he's called the man of godlike charm.
Yes, he is excellent. He has also won the Best Actor Award of the Hong Kong Film Awards and the Best Actor Award of the Golden Horse Awards.	Haha, Aaron Kwok is not only a good singer, but also a first-class actor. He has won the Golden Horse Award for Best Actor.
Because he is such a good actor.	[3] I can see that you admire him. Then you must like the unforgettable movie of his - The Bare-Footed Kid.
The score is 7.3.	It got a great rating of 7.1.
OK, enjoy it.	[4] OK, I'll leave you alone then. Bye.
He's a Virgo.	Leslie Cheung is a Virgo.
[2] Hehe, I also know that he won the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	[2] Haha, thank you for the compliment. Speaking of him, he has won Japanese Movie Critics Awards for Best Actor in Foreign language Movies.
Well, he won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actor.	His music is impressive too. He has won the Golden Needle Award. It’s the highest honor in Hong Kong music industry.
[3] Do you want to listen to the song Where Are You Now? Leslie Cheung once again shows his ability to control songs. It's a very good song.	[3] I'd like to recommend you Leslie Cheung's Blamefully Beautiful. It's a touching song. No singing skills or natural voice can beat the concentration he put in singing this song.
Yes, it's very popular.	Blame you for being too beautiful, blame me for being too obsessed.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you?
OK, playing for you.	OK. Now playing Blamefully Beautiful.
OK.	OK, see ya!
Good morning. I got a good result in the exam.	Good morning. My sleep was fine.
Pretty good. I did well in the exam.	I'm so tired. I've been taking care of my grandson.
My name is Yuzhen Hu.	My name is Xinqian Liu.
Yes.	Yeah. You're smart.
I'm 55 years old.	I'm 55.
I usually listen to music and watch movies.	I like watching movies and listening to music.
All right. Bye!	OK, see ya!
It's 8 p.m.	It's 12:00 at noon, November 16, 2018.
[2] Thank you. By the way, it will turn from sunny to cloudy today. Northeast wind. The high will be 18 ℃, and low 7 ℃.	[2] Haha. Shenyang today will be sunny with north winds. The high will be 2 ℃ and the low -6 ℃. Remember to wrap up warm.
You're welcome.	My pleasure.
Bye!	Bye!
Good afternoon!	Hello, little encyclopedia.
I'm on my way home.	Nothing. I'm at school.
Not really for music right now.	Sorry, I don't want to listen to music now.
Okay, Jay Chou is my favorite star.	Sure. I'm his fan.
Yeah, he's a really great artist.	As a singer, I like him. He is the example of success.
I've seen it.	I've seen it. Please recommend another one.
How's the review?	How's the review?
Then I'll watch it.	OK, thank you. I'll check it out.
Bye!	See ya!
Good evening. I'm on my way home.	Good evening. I'm listening to music.
I've been very relaxed recently.	I'm in a good mood because I've made progress in my studies.
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	My name is Jiaoyang Hu
Yes, you are so smart.	Of course I am.
I'm 20 years old.	I'm 16.
I like watching movies.	I like following up on celebrities' news and listening to music.
All right. Bye!	Mm-hmm, bye.
It's 8 o'clock sharp in Beijing.	It's 6:00 p.m.
[2] Hei hei, it's light rain with northeast winds today. The high will be 15 ℃, and low 4 ℃.	[2] I also know that there will be moderate rain in Hangzhou today. And then the day will turn to drizzly with northwest winds. The high will be 14 ℃ and the low 10 ℃.
Thank you for that.	Thank you for that.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Not bad.	I'm doing great. I have been doing great on my exams.
Thank you.	I still have to work harder.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	It's still noon. I don't want to talk about movies.
I like her very much.	I like her. She's lovely and lively.
Yeah, she's excellent.	Well. That's my idol.
I don't know if it's a good song.	I've listened to it. I don't want it for now.
I haven't listened to it. How about it?	I don't think I've listened to it. Is it a good one?
OK, I'll listen to it.	Now I'm curious. I will listen to it some time.
Sure.	Sure.
It's really good. I like it very much.	It's a great song.
Bye!	Bye!
It's 6 p.m.	It's 6:00 p.m. on December 9, 2018.
[2] No worries. Today's weather is light rain with northeast winds. The high will be - 4 ℃ and low - 19 ℃. Remember to take an umbrella when you go out.	[2] Don't mention it. Dongguan today will be drizzly with northeast winds. The high will be 15 ℃ and low 10 ℃. Don't forget to take your umbrella when you go out.
You're welcome.	You're welcome. That's the least I can do.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Of course, it's Ruby Lin.	It's Hsu Chi.
[2] You're welcome. Hsu Chi is an Asian idol. Do you like her?	[2] You're welcome. Hsu Chi is like the goddess in the entertainment industry. I have a good memory of beautiful women.
You have a good taste. Hsu Chi once won the Best Actress of Tokyo International Film Festival.	Yes, she has won the Golden Horse Award for Best Actress. That's the proof of her excellent acting skills.
[3] Then you must watch her movie, I'm sure you'll like it. It's called A Better Tomorrow. You can watch it.	[3] Since you like Hsu chi so much, do you want to watch Mojin-The Lost Legend in which she plays the leading role? It's a great movie,
It's a short film.	It's a combination of fantasy and adventure.
You'll like it.	Kun Chen and Bo Huang are also in the movie. You won't be disappointed.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
Good afternoon!	Hi!
I've been taking care of my grandson recently. I'm so tired.	I've doing smoothly on my studies.
I like the movie I Waited Until the Flower Withered.	I like Yesteryou Yesterme Yesterday 2.
It's Jimmy Lin, of course.	Leslie Cheung is my favorite.
Yes, I like his music very much.	I've listened to his songs. They are great.
His acting is really good.	Yeah, he's excellent.
I've seen it.	I've watched it. Sorry.
That sounds good. I'll check it out sometime.	What kind of movie is this?
Sounds great. I'll watch it when I have time.	Great. I like dramas. I have take a look.
[6] OK, I'm going to class. Talk to you later.	[6] OK, I'm going to have my lunch break. Talk to you later.
Hello!	Good evening!
I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	I didn't do well in the exam so I'm not happy about it.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Jiaofei Zhang.
I'm a girl.	I'm a girl.
I'm six years old.	I'm only 6.
I like small animals, watching animation and listening to children's songs.	I like playing with animals and listening to kids songs.
[6] Thank you for your praise. I'm going to bed. Bye.	[6] I'm arriving at home. Talk to you later.
Goodbye!	Bye!
Today in Tianjin it is sunny with northwest wind, the highest temperature is 14℃, the lowest temperature is 5℃.	Today will have light snow and northeast winds. The high is 2 ℃, and the low is 0 ℃.
[2] Thank you for your praise. This kind of weather is very suitable to eat Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] It's perfect today to have Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili. What an enjoyment!
Fish is very nutritious.	It will make you feel warm.
[3] If you want to eat, I recommend you to go to Chuanlaojiu Chuanchuanxiang. Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili is their specialty.	Yeah.
OK, see ya!	Okay, goodbye.
Kris Wu.	It's the pop star Kris Wu.
[2] Speaking of Kris Wu, he's the star of China Charities Aid Foundation for Children.	[2] Thank you. Are you interested in Kris Wu? He has won the Best Newcomer Award at the 3rd China International Film Festival London！
Yes, he's very handsome. He has won the Asian Fashion Idol Award of Sohu Fashion Festival！	Indeed. He's tall and handsome. He has many girl fans.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Floral Sea to you. This song is a combination of island style and Chinese style. The song is full of island customs. The lyrics are beautiful and poetic. The melody is catchy. The lyrics are beautiful too.	[3] Yeah. Since you like him so much, would you like to listen to one of his songs - Explore? Through this song, you will explore the other side of him, the side that he's both elegant and affectionate.
Yes, it's very popular.	It's a great song. Kris Wu said himself that this song is a gift for his girl fans. You can tell that he put much effort into this song.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] That's for sure. Do you want me to play this song for you now?
OK, Explore is playing for you.	OK. Now playing Explore by Kris Wu.
OK, goodbye.	OK, please call me next time. Bye.
It's Xiaoming Huang.	Mi Yang does.
[2] Mi Yang is a popular star. And she also won the Chinese Film Media Awards for Best Actress.	[2] Do you like Mi Yang? She's a popular movie star.
Well, she has also won the Most Popular Actress of the Chinese Film Media Award.	She has won Magnolia Award for Most Popular Actress in the Shanghai International Film and TV Festival. She's so popular.
[3] I'd like to recommend a very good movie named The Crescent. It's a love movie, but it doesn't feel like a love movie.	[3] She's popular because she's a great actress. You can watch the movie Love in the Buff in which she plays the leading role. You will see, from the movie, that people change people. If you stay with someone for a long time, you will become increasingly more like the one without you noticing it.
The director is Zhiliang Luo.	Pang Ho-Cheung.
It's got a 7.4.	The rating is 7.5.
You're going to love it.	[4] I hope you will like it. Talk to you next time. Bye.
It's playing for you.	OK, it's playing for you.
[2] I'd like to recommend another song of Leehom Wang, Where Are You Now. It's a song about memories. The melody is catchy and every note hits the heart.	[2] Haha. I recommend you to listen to another song of Jay Chou - Orchid Pavilion. He sings the chorus in the same way as performers sings Peking Opera. It's like a story within a story.
OK, how about Time Machine? It's a little boring at the beginning.	Well, how about another song of his - Rooftop? It's a classic Jay Chou song. You can check it out. It's a great song.
Yeah, it's a very classic song.	Yeah, so does the song itself.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] How about you listen to it now? Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing.	Now playing.
You are welcome.	You are welcome.
OK, bye!	All right. Bye!
Ah, the pressure of study is too heavy recently.	I'm good. I've been promoted.
Thank you.	Thank you. You're great.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	I don't want to talk about movies now.
Yes, I like him very much.	Yes, he is my favorite star.
Yes, Xiaoming Huang is really excellent.	He's excellent.
I've heard it. I'm not interested in this song.	I'm not interested in this song.
Sounds good.	The name reminds me of the past.
I'll listen to it.	I want to listen to it since you mentioned it.
Sure.	Okay.
[6] It's really good. I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	It's a great song. Thank you.
Bye!	See ya!
Good evening.	Good evening.
I'm happy because I've been promoted recently.	Very good. Just got paid.
I like Wonderful Happiness best.	My favorite song is Tide.
Yes, he is one of the best hosts in China.	Yes. Hunan TV has granted him a award for being the best host.
Yes. He's really excellent.	Yeah. He's excellent.
I've heard it.	Sorry, I'm not interested in this song.
It sounds great.	It sounds good.
Then I'll listen to it.	Well, I'm looking forward to it.
Yes.	Yeah.
Mm-hmm.	[6] It's a good song. Talk to you later.
See ya!	Bye!
It's sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 21 ℃, and low 10 ℃.	It is cloudy with a light rain and northeast wind. The highest temperature will be 15 ℃, and the lowest temperature will be 10 ℃.
[2] Today's weather is suitable for eating Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] It's suitable for listening to one song in such weather. Are you interested?
It's All right.	Fireworks Cool Easily. It has classical and beautiful lyrics and profound artistic conception.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, it's playing for you.
Bye!	Okay, goodbye.
Very good. I've made progress in my study.	Not bad. It's just that there's a lot of pressure from work.
Okay.	Sure.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Pingqian Zeng.
Yes, you're smart.	You are very clever.
I'm 29.	I'm 27.
I like to follow stars' information, listen to music and watch movies.	Yes. I like listening to music and I'm a fangirl.
[6] Ha ha, I'm going to work. I'll talk to you later.	[6] Yeah. I'm going to work. Talk to you next time.
Bye!	Bye!
Of course, it's Leehom Wang.	Yes, it's Leehom Wang.
[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Leehom Wang, he's a superstar in Canada.	[2] Leehom Wang is a handsome guy, music ambassador and household name.
He has won The Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart and The Most Popular Male Singer of MTV Asian Music.	More than that, he has won the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart and the Golden Melody Award for Best Mandarin Male Singer.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his song A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream, which is an R & B style song.	[3] You can listen to his song Impossible to Miss You, which shows us the determination for love in the form of songs.
It's very nice.	Just listen to it and you'll know.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you need me to play it for you?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon.
I've been studying very well recently. I've made progress in my study.	I'm busy with taking care of my grandson, very tired.
My name is Yuzhen Hu.	Yes. My name is Naxiang Lei.
I'm a grandson.	Grandma.
55.0	65
I like watching movies.	Yes. I like listening to music and something like that.
[6] Well, I'm going to have a rest. Talk later.	[6] I'm going to look after my grandson, bye!.
Bye!	OK.
It's virgo.	Yes, it's Virgo.
[2] You're welcome. Leslie Cheung is a famous star in Hong Kong.	[2] Speaking of Leslie Cheung, he was awarded as one of CNN's 25 greatest actors in Asia.
Ha ha, he is also one of the 100 Outstanding Actors in Chinese Films Century. He also won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.	Well, he was not only good at acting, but also at singing. He won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Original Film Song. Besides, he was very handsome.
[3] Ha ha, you have a good taste. Do you want to listen to his song There Is a Place? This song interprets the feeling of loneliness and powerlessness between men and women, and shows the courage and confidence to break through the barrier of love.	[3] Do you want to listen to A Chinese Ghost Story by him? This song was composed by James J.S.Wong. It's in classical style. Feels like the stream in the woods gurgling, and the piano and flute playing upstairs. Leslie's singing was just fit for it. It gave an artistic conception with catchy melody and lyrics.
It's a well-known song. You'll definitely like it.	I'm sure you'll like it.
[4] Do you need me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	[5] Then I won't hold you up, goodbye!
Bye!	Bye!
Very good.	Not good. I didn't do well in the exam. My teacher criticized me.
OK, I see.	Yes, I will. Thank you!
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Xiaoqian Hu.
Yes, you're smart.	Mm-hmm, I'm a little girl.
I'm nine years old.	Seven years old.
Yes, I like small animals and listening to children's songs.	Yes. I like small animals and watching animation very much.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6] I have to go. I'm going to study.
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon.
The pressure of study is too heavy.	I've been bored these days.
My name is Qizhen Ji.	My name is Nayang Xing.
Ha ha, thank you.	Yes, you're smart.
I'm 27 years old.	I'm 27.
I like stars, watching movies and listening to music.	Yes. I like following news of stars and listening to music.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Today is cloudy to sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 6 ℃, and low - 3 ℃.	It's sunny and cloudy with southwest wind. The highest temperature will be 20℃, and the lowest temperature will be 7℃.
[2] Thank you for your praise. I recommend you to listen to the song named Healing Rice Dumpling. This song is very good. It's a very gentle song.	[2] Hehe, it's enjoyable to listen to Who's the Keyman while lying in bed in such weather. The melody is catchy and the rhythm is lively.
Yes, many people like it.	Yes. Jiong He sang it with others, so I strongly recommend it to you. I hope you can be happy all the time.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	Well, hope you enjoy it.
OK, see ya!	Come to me anytime. Bye!
Jackie Chan, born in Hong Kong, China in 1954, is a famous movie star.	He was born on April 7, 1954, in Hong Kong, China.
[2] Jackie Chan is a famous movie star in Hong Kong.	[2] Hee hee, do you like him? He's a famous actor.
He has also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor.	You've got good taste. He has won many awards, such as the Hong Kong Film Awards for Best Action Director.
[3] Since you like him so much, I recommend you a movie Jackie Chan: The Lost Legend. It's a documentary with a good reputation.	[3] Yes, the movies made by him are all good. For example, Rumble in the Bronx is said to be a success in Hollywood.
It's a documentary.	Yes, it is.
Good reputation.	It's very good.
Hope you like it.	[4] Well, I won't disturb you. Talk to you next time, bye!
It's Cecilia Cheung.	Yes, it's Jacky Cheung.
[2] Speaking of Jacky Cheung, he is a very good actor. He has won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.	[2] Thanks! Speaking of Jacky Cheung, he is a super singer from Hong Kong.
You have a good taste. He won the Best Original Film Song of Golden Horse Award. He is also the Most Popular Asian Artist of Channel V.	He has won the Chinese Film Media Awards for Best Actor. You've got good taste.
[3] Since you like Jacky Cheung so much, I'd like to recommend you his song Impossible to Miss You. Jacky Cheung has won the Best Original Film Song Award of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	[3] Here's a good movie for you, A Chinese Ghost Story III starred by Jacky Cheung. He is funny in this movie.
It's good.	It's very good.
OK, hope you like it.	Hope you like it.
See ya!	OK, see ya!
Today is November 6th, 2018.	It's May 17, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Leehom Wang's birthday.	[2] Today is Leehom Wang's birthday.
Well, you have a good taste. Leehom Wang won the Golden Melody Award for Best Male Mandarin Singer, and he's also the Most Popular Male Singer of MTV Asian Music.	He's your idol? He's handsome and sings well. He has won a lot of awards.
He has also won the Best Male Singer in the Global Chinese Golden Chart and the Best Male Singer in Taiwan Golden Melody Awards.	There are too many awards, like the Chinese Film Media Awards for Most Anticipated Actor.
[3] You're welcome. You can listen to Time Boils The Rain. The song is really beautiful. The melody and lyrics integrate Eastern and Western elements, so as to better integrate rap music with Chinese traditional culture.	[3] Have you ever listened to the song You Are Not Here? I wanna recommend it to you.
It's Leehom Wang.	Leehom Wang. It expresses the feeling of loneliness and powerlessness for love between men and women, which has strong penetrating power.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Play it for you?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	OK, I'm sure you'll like it. It's playing for you.
OK, see ya!	OK, see you later!
Hello	Hi!
I'm very happy recently. I did well in the exam.	I've got bonus. I'm so happy.
Yes. My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	Yes, my name is Chaobin He.
Yes.	Yes, I am.
Yes, I'm already at work.	Yes, I'm 52.
I usually like to listen to music.	Nothing but listening to music and watching news.
[6] OK, I'm going to have a rest. I'll talk to you next time.	[6] Well, it's good to kill the time when there's nothing to do. I'm home now.
Yeah, bye!	Yeah, bye!
Not bad.	I feel stressful lately since there's too much homework.
I see. Thank you for your concern.	I see.
I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music now.
Of course I like him. He is a great host.	Yes, very much. He's very gentle.
Yes, excellent. He also won the Excellent Host Award of China TV Golden Eagle Award.	Yes, I agree with you.
I've seen it.	I'm not interested in this movie. Another one, please.
Who is the director?	Sounds interesting!
I'd like to have a look.	I'll see it sometime.
[5] I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you later.	[5] Well, I'm going to bed.
Bye!	Good night.
Good evening. I've been very busy recently.	Not bad.
Yes, I got promoted.	Mm-hmm, I just got promoted.
But I don't want to listen to music now.	But I don't want to talk about music now.
OK, I like him very much.	Good! He was an excellent man and his songs are very catchy.
Yes, he is excellent.	The Chinese albums by him sold best in South Korea. No one tops that until now.
I've seen it.	I've seen it long time ago and I like it a lot.
How's the review?	I haven't seen it before. Who is the director of it?
Wow, I really want to see it.	Sounds like a good movie.
OK, I'll see it sometime.	[5] OK, I'll see it sometime. Now I'm going to take a shower. Talk later!
Bye!	All right. Bye!
Today will turn from sunny to cloudy with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 19℃ and the minimum temperature will be 12℃.	It's cloudy with southwest wind in Xiamen today. The maximum temperature will be 26℃, and the minimum temperature will be 19℃.
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is very suitable for eating Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] It's a good day for Marinated Fish.
Yes, Marinated grouper is delicious.	Grilled grouper is very popular.
Yes, it's a very popular hot dish.	Go get it when you are free.
Bye!	Bye!
Hello!	Uh huh.
I'm on my way home.	I'm on my way home.
Yes. My name is Pinglu Liu.	Yes. My name is Xinxiang Wang.
Yes.	Well, I'm an old woman.
I'm 65 years old.	I'm 55.
I like stars, watching movies and listening to music.	I like watching movies.
See ya!	OK, see ya!
Today is sunny with northwest wind, the highest temperature is 20℃, the lowest temperature is 5℃.	It's sunny with south wind in Shijiazhuang today. The highest temperature will be 12℃, and the lowest temperature will be 1℃.
[2] You're welcome. You know what? It's a good day to listen to Who's the Keyman. It's a song with a story.	[2] You're welcome. In such weather, it's very suitable to listen to the old song Lingering Memory of Past Love. It's the theme song of a classic romantic movie.
Jacky Cheung.	It was sung by Jacky Cheung.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Yeah, it is. Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	OK, it's playing for you.
OK, see ya!	OK. Hope you enjoy it!
Today's weather is sunny with southeast winds. The high will be - 4 ℃, and low - 13 ℃.	Well, it's cloudy with northeast wind. The highest temperature will be 21℃, and the lowest temperature will be 17℃.
[2] You're welcome. It's a perfect day to have Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, it's a good day for listening to Crying Palms. It's about a sad love story. I'd like to recommend it to you.
Yes, it's very popular.	Yes, it's very popular. Many people began to pay attention to him after it.
[3] Shall I play it for you now?	[3] May I play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	It's playing for you. Please listen carefully and enjoy it!
All right. Bye!	Mm-hmm, have a good day. Bye!
It's Taurus.	It's Taurus.
[2] Speaking of Leehom Wang, he's a famous singer in Canada.	[2] I also know that he has won the Golden Melody Award for Best Mandarin Male Singer twice.
Yes, he has won the Golden Melody Award for Best Mandarin Male Singer twice.	Yes, he can not only cover songs, but also has great creative ability. He has won the Golden Horse Award for Best Original Song.
[3] Do you want to listen to his song named Gardenia? It's a great song. Leehom Wang's face in the MV is really beautiful.	[3] I wanna recommend to you a song called Chinese Zodiac. You'll remember the Chinese zodiac after listening to it.
Yes, it is. You will like it.	The name is simple, but the meaning is not. It's a ballad about Chinese zodiac "Rat, Cow, Tiger, Rabbit". Leehom Wang adapted the arrangement of branches of zodiac to make it catchy. The cheerful melody and refreshing lyrics make it popular with many people.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Hey hey, of course. Shall I play it for you now?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	The catchy melody will make you remember Chinese zodiac quickly.
Bye!	Be careful not to get hurt. Bye!
I'm in a bad mood today.	Good morning. I'm fine.
I got a bonus today.	The study is easy for me. I feel very happy.
My name is Yu Wang.	My name is Jiaofei Zhang.
Yeah, you're smart.	Yes.
I'm six years old.	I'm nine years old.
I like animals, animation and nursery rhymes.	I usually listen to children's songs and watch animation.
[6] Hey hey. I'm getting home, bye!	[6] Hey, hey. I'm at school, goodbye.
I'm on my way home.	I'm working in the company. I've been under a lot of pressure in work lately.
Well, I will.	Thank you for your concern.
My favorite song is Stranger In The North.	It's Sports Car Model.
Yeah, I love Jay Chou.	Yes, I like him very much.
Yeah, Jay Chou is excellent.	Yeah, he's very excellent. I admire him.
I've listened to it.	I don't want to listen to it now. Thanks!
Is that nice?	Sounds good.
OK, I'll listen to it.	I will listen to it.
Sure.	Yes.
That's great. I like it very much.	[6] Thank you. I'm going for dinner. Talk later!
Bye!	Bye!
He's Capricorn.	It's Capricorn, my lord.
[2] Speaking of Jay Chou, he won the Best Mandarin Male Singer of Golden Melody Awards four times.	[2] Thanks! I also know that he is a singer and songwriter from Taiwan.
Yes, he was the Most Popular Male Singer of MTV Asian Music for two sessions of Golden Melody in Taiwan.	Yeah, he has won the Golden Horse Award for Best Newcomer.
[3] I'd like to recommend a song of his called All the Way, which is a song full of strong classical flavor. Jay Chou sings with a delicate voice and exquisite singing skills.	[3] Yes. Here's a song for you called Rain. It'll give you goose pimples while listening to it.
Yes, it is. Many people like it.	Yes, the twelve harmonicas volume 1: Prelude and Fugue in C major (Bach 846).
[4] Can I play it for you now?	[4] Mm-hmm. Shall I play it for you now?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	OK, it's playing for you. Please enjoy it
Bye!	All right. Bye!
Today is January 18, 2018.	Yeah. It's January 18, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is Jay Chou's birthday.	[2] Today is Jay Chou's birthday. He has won the 4th World Music Awards for Best-selling Artist in China.
He is a talented musician and won the 15th Huading Award for Best Singer in Asia.	He was No.2 in the world on the bulletin board at Sydney Concert in 2009. How outstanding he is!
[3] I recommend you to listen to his song Secret. It tells us that we can only dream of a secret, but we can also dream of the past.	[3] Here's a song for you called Rooftop. It's a song made for duet. The arrangement of the whole song is well-proportioned, and the melody is smooth and beautiful.
You can listen to it now. It's very nice.	I'm sure you'll like it. Give it a try!
[4] Can I play it for you now?	[4] Shall I play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, playing for you.
Glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
OK, see ya!	Goodbye. Let's talk next time.
Not bad. Easy study.	I'm very happy! I've got paid today.
Sure.	Yeah, you're right.
My name is Lingwen Niu	Yes. My name is Yuzhen Yang.
Yes.	Yes, I am.
I'm 26 years old.	I'm 25 years old.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	Yes. I like chasing stars and watching movies.
[6] OK, I'm going to sleep, goodbye.	[6] OK. I gotta go. Talk later!
Bye!	All right. Bye!
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon!
Pretty good. I did well in the exam.	Not good. There's a lot of pressure from study.
I like listening to There Is a Place best.	I'm a Good Friend.
Yes, I like him very much.	Yes, I like him very much. He's thin but excellent.
Yes, he's my favorite star.	He has won the Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I've heard of this.
The name is very positive.	Sounds like a dynamic song.
Then I have to listen to it.	I'll listen to it. It must be a good song.
Sure.	Sure.
It's really nice.	It's really good, but I'm getting home now.
Bye!	Bye!
I'm busy working every day.	Good afternoon. I'm tired with taking care of my grandson lately.
OK, I see.	Thanks for your advice! I will.
My name is Yu Wang.	Yes. My name is Qizhen Sun.
I'm a man.	I'm a man.
I'm 55 years old.	55. I'm an old man!
I like watching movies and listening to music.	Yes, I like following news of stars and listening to music.
Ha ha, because I like Kris Wu so much.	Ha ha, I like Jay Chou a lot.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.
Yes. It's Cancer.	He's a Virgo.
[2] Thanks. Speaking of Jacky Cheung, he is an international superstar.	[2] I also know that he is the first Chinese singer to be famous in Korean music world.
Yes, he is the king of box office in Hong Kong.	He is easygoing and he's an idol for many people. He has won the Hong Kong Film Critics Society Awards for Best Actor.
[3] Well, I'd like to recommend his song Side Face to you. It's a great song. He sings with emotion, and his singing is also very good.	[3] Here's a song for you called Together We Move On. Leslie Cheung once again shows his singing skills in this song. In the state of desiring for nothing, he is not so much singing a song as directing a band.
Yes, he sings very well.	After listening to it, you'll like the song and you will never be tired of listening to it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
See ya!	Talk to you next time, goodbye.
Not bad. I've made some progress in my study.	Not bad. I'm busy with work.
I will. Thank you for your concern.	I will.
I like listening to All the Things You Never Knew.	Yes. I like Silence is Gold best.
Yes. He was a famous artist in Hong Kong. I like him very much.	Yeah, he's my favorite star.
Yes, he is also one of the 25 greatest actors in Asia on CNN.	He's really excellent.
I've heard it. Any other recommendations?	I've heard it. I'm not interested in this song.
It's a song worth listening to.	I haven't listened to it. How is it?
I'll listen to it.	I'd like to give it a try.
Sure.	Sure.
It's really good. I like it.	[6] It does sound catchy. I've got work to do. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
It's sunny with northwest winds today. The high will be 20 ℃, and low 10 ℃.	It's cloudy with northeast wind in Jinan today. The highest temperature will be 18℃, and the lowest temperature will be 7℃.
[2] Hehe. It's a perfect day to have Sautéed Beef Fillet.	[2] It's enjoyable to have a Steamed Egg Custard in such weather.
The more you eat it, the more delicious it is.	You'll feel warm after eating it.
[3] Well, I recommend you to go to The Big Stuffing Dumpling Restaurant. Their Steamed Egg Custard is their specialty.	[3] I recommend you eat it at Happy Dumpings. You can also order it.
It's 39 yuan.	48 yuan.
It's got a 3.9.	The score is 4.2
No.18, Huyuan 2nd Road, Xiaoshan District.	It's on the fourth floor of the Complex Building, located at East Block of Chinatown Center, Hong Kong Street.
OK, I'm on it.	It's already reserved for you.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
OK, playing now.	It's playing for you.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, have you ever heard Kris Wu's Self Directed Act? It's a classic lyric pop song with strong international recognition. You can try it.	[2] You're welcome. Love Now is also very catchy. Would you like to listen to it? It's a duet song, which is uncommon in Jiong He's songs.
OK, how about Open Fire? It's the theme song of the public benefit activity I Want To Go To School.	What about Wonderful Happiness? Do you want to give it a try? It's the episode of TV drama Don't Love Me.
It was sung by Jiong He.	It's also sung by Jiong He.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play this song for you now?
It's playing for you.	"Wonderful Happiness" is playing for you
Not a problem at all, as long as you like it.	You're welcome. I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	OK, goodbye!
Good morning!	Good morning.
Work is very boring recently.	I work overtime every day. It's irritable.
I like the movie The Assassin best.	I like The Assassin best.
It must be Jimmy Lin.	I like Hsu Chi best.
Of course I like her.	Ha ha, she's really beautiful.
Ha ha, she's really excellent.	That's why I like watching the movies she starred in. I will always support her.
I've seen this one.	Well, I'm not interested in this type of movie.
Who is the director?	Sounds good. Who is the director of it?
That sounds good. I'll see it when I have time.	Well, it must be a good movie.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm going to work.	[6] I'll go to see it after work. Talk later!
Bye!	Bye!
He's 172cm tall.	He's 172cm tall.
[2] You're welcome. Jimmy Lin is a famous star in the entertainment circle.	[2] I also know that he was a candidate for the Inspirational Youth List in 2012.
He is really good. He has also won Hundred Flowers Awards for Best Actor.	Hee hee, he's very popular and has good acting skills. He has won the China TV Drama Awards for Most Appealing Actor.
[3] I recommend a movie named The Bare-Footed Kid starred by him. It's a good movie to watch.	[3] I recommend that you go to see To Miss with Love starred by him. It's a good campus comedy. Many stars starred in it.
The director is Kevin Chu.	The director is Yanping Zhu
It's really worth seeing.	Yeah, don't miss it.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
It's eight o'clock in the evening.	It's 8 p.m.
[2] Hei hei, today is mostly cloudy with northeast wind, the highest temperature is 13℃, the lowest temperature is 5℃.	[2] Hey hey! By the way, there's light rain with northeast wind today. The highest temperature will be 22℃, and the lowest temperature will be 19℃.
My pleasure.	My pleasure.
All right. Bye!	See ya!
I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	Good evening. I got paid lately. I'm very happy.
Thank you.	Thank you.
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	Yes. My name is Lingqian Hu.
I'm a lady.	I'm a lady.
I'm 55 years old.	I'm 56 years old.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	Yes. I like the star Xun Zhou and I like watching movies.
Ha ha, because I like Xun Zhou so much.	Ha ha, that's because I like Xun Zhou very much.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Yes. I'm going to bed. Talk later!
OK, I'm playing the song Little Love for you.	Yes. It's playing for you.
[2] Do you want to listen to Leslie Cheung's song Where Are You Now? It's a classic Leslie Cheung song.	[2] My pleasure. Would you like to listen to Heartburn by him? It's very catchy.
What about Hope for Love? This song is the theme song of the public welfare activity I Want To Go To School.	How about Lonely Shadow? It's more than good. Would you like to give it a try?
You're going to love it.	It's emotional, warm and healing.
[3] Shall I play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, It is playing "Lonely Shadow" for you
I'm glad you like it.	Come to me anytime if you wanna listen to music in the future. I've got a lot of good songs.
Bye!	I won't disturb you then. Have a good time, bye!
Not bad.	I didn't do well in the exam. I should take it seriously.
Thank you for your encouragement. I will.	I know it.
My favorite song is Invisible Hands.	Peking Opera Blues
Yes, I like him very much.	Yes, you are so smart.
Yes, he's so excellent.	Yes, almost all of my classmates like him.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I've listened to it many times. Maybe another one?
It's a good name.	This one I've never listened to.
OK, I'll listen to it.	Yes, of course.
Yes, please.	Yes, please.
That's good. I like it very much.	[6] OK, I'm going to listen to it and do my homework.
Bye!	See ya!
I'm busy with my work recently.	Good morning! I've been working to earn money. What else can I do?
Not bad, I just got paid.	Yeah, I've been busy with projects lately. I feel very stressful.
I like the movie named Mojin-The Lost Legend best.	Mojin-The Lost Legend.
I like Aaron Kwok best.	Hsu Chi. She's so beautiful!
Well, I like her very much. She's my idol.	Yes, I know she has won many awards, but I don't know the details. Can you tell me that?
Well, she is really excellent.	Wow, she has won so many awards. It's impressive! That's my favorite star.
I've seen it.	I've seen it. Are there any other movies?
What's the rating of this movie?	Who is the director of it?  And how's its reputation?
That sounds great! I'll see it sometime.	I'll go to see it sometime.
Bye!	Bye!
I'm very good recently. I've been promoted.	Very good. I've made progress in my study. I'm very happy.
Thank you.	I'll keep going and never fall behind.
My name is Xinqian Zhang.	My name is Jiaofei Zhang.
Yeah, you're smart.	Yeah, heyhey.
I'm six years old.	I'm five years old.
Usually I like to play with small animals, watch animation and listen to children's songs.	Yes. I like animals, and I listen to children's songs and watch animation sometimes.
[6] Hey hey. I'm getting home, bye!	[6] Hey hey. I'm getting home, bye!
It's 6 p.m.	It's 6:00 p.m.
[2] Thanks. By the way, it's cloudy with northeast winds today. The high will be 26 ℃ and low 19 ℃.	[2] I'm flattered. I also know how the weather is today. Do you want to know something about it?
The weather in Nanjing today is sunny with southeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 16 ℃ and the minimum temperature will be 9 ℃.	It's sunny with southwest wind today. The highest temperature will be will be 17℃, and the lowest temperature will be 4℃.
You're welcome.	You're welcome. I'm happy to help you.
All right. Bye!	OK, remember to chat with me next time. Bye.
The weather in Taiyuan today will turn from sunny to cloudy with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 18℃ and the minimum temperature will be 10℃.	It's cloudy with southeast wind in Luoyang today. The highest temperature will be 22℃, and the lowest temperature will be 12℃.
[2] You're welcome. It's a perfect day to have Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili.	[2] Hehe, it's a good day for eating Sautéed Beef Fillet.  You can give it a try.
That's great. The taste of grouper is great.	Really? The dish fried with lean meat smells very delicious.
[3] If you want to eat it, I recommend you to go to Laojiu Sichuan Cuisine. Their Sautéed Beef Fillet is the specialty.	Thanks!
Bye!	Goodbye.
Of course, it's Ruby Lin.	Yes, it's Jackie Chan.
[2] Speaking of Jackie Chan, he has won Golden Horse Award for Lifetime Achievement, Hong Kong Film Awards for Best Actor and the Hong Kong Film Awards for Best Actor.	[2] Jackie Chan is a Chinese martial arts superstar, who has been fighting in foreign film and television circles.
Yes, he has also won the Outstanding Achievement Award of Asian Pacific Film Festival.	Well, he has won the Golden Horse Award for Best Action Director, and the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actor.
[3] I recommend his movie Jackie Chan: The Lost Legend, which is a documentary about Jackie Chan.	[3] Here's a movie for you. It's called The Art of Action: Martial Arts in Motion Picture. It is directed by a foreigner and expresses his admiration for Hong Kong kung fu movies. Don't miss it!
It's a documentary.	It's a documentary.
I'm glad you like it.	Mm-hmm. Hope you like it.
All right. Bye!	See you next time, bye.
Not good.	Not good.
Yes, my work is boring.	Yes, there's too much pressure.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	Not really for movie at the moment
Yeah, I like her very much.	She's my idol. And she's remarkably well preserved.
Yeah, she's really great.	Yeah, she's beautiful with great acting skills. Who wouldn't like her?
I've heard it. I'm not interested in it.	I've heard it.
It sounds good.	It sounds good
I'll listen to it.	OK, I'll listen to it.
See ya!	See ya!
Today's weather is cloudy with southwest winds. The high will be - 3 ℃, and low - 19 ℃.	It's cloudy with no continuous wind direction. The highest temperature will be 27℃, and the lowest temperature will be 22℃.
[2] Haha, this kind of weather is suitable for eating Marinated Fish.	[2] It's suitable to eat Sautéed Beef Fillet in such weather.
You can eat it today.	It's a hot dish with excelent colour, aroma and taste.
[3] If you want to eat it, I recommend that you order it at Laoqi Sichuan Restaurant. Their Sautéed Beef Fillet is very good.	[3] It tastes great at Zhaizhai Hunan Restaurant. You can try it there.
37 yuan.	It costs 50 yuan per peson.
It's on the second floor of Zhongshan Middle Road, Chengguan District.	It's located in the lane W3-6 in Jiaochangwei, Longgang District.
It's 3.9.	4.4. It's very high.
OK, no problem.	Sure, no problem.
All right. Bye!	All right. Bye!
Hello, I'm under a lot of pressure at work.	Good! I did well in the exam.
Thank you.	Well, the test is easy this time.
My name is Yu Wang.	My name is Pinglu Liu.
I'm a little girl.	I'm surely a girl. How can I be a boy with such a name?
I'm six years old.	I'm underage, only 17.
I like to play with small animals and watch anime.	I usually follow news of stars. I like Na Xie and Jay Chou. I'm their big fans.
Okay, bye.	OK, talk to you after school.
I'm on my way home.	Nothing. I'm under a lot of pressure from study.
OK, I see.	Yes.
Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Fengjie Xu.
Ha ha, thank you.	Thanks for the compliment.
I'm 26 years old.	I'm 30.
Yes. I like following stars, watching movies and listening to music.	Yes, I like talking about celebrities, watching movies and listening to music.
Well, I like listening to There's a place.	Well, I like the song Wonerful Happiness.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.
OK, that's for you.	Sure, no problem.
[2] No problem. I'd like to recommend another song One Dream to you. It integrates the eastern and western elements and makes innovations to better combine rap music with Chinese traditional culture.	[2] By the way, I'd like to recommend to you another song called Love Now.  It's a duet song, which is uncommon in Jiong He's songs.
OK, what about Hope for Love? It's a song about the courage to break through the barrier of love.	What about Wonderful Happiness? It's the episode of TV drama Don't Love Me.
You can listen to it. It's very catchy.	You can listen now to recall it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
See ya!	See ya!
Hong Kong, China.	Yes, she was born in Taiwan, China.
[2] Speaking of Hsu Chi, she is a popular actress in China.	[2] You're welcome. She is an idol for many people since their childhood. She's very famous.
She has won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress. Her acting skills are really great.	Yes, because of her excellent and stable acting skills, she became a member of the jury at Cannes International Film Festival.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend you her movie named Viva Erotica, which is a love comedy. I hope you will like it.	[3] That's true. She has paid a lot of efforts to movies. For example, the movie Viva Erotica she starred in is very good. The changes of the characters in the story are very interesting and the performance is excellent.
The score is 7.3.	It's 7.6, very good.
I'm sure it won't let you down.	[4] OK, I won't disturb you, bye!
Hello, I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	Good morning. I'm very happy. I've made progress in my study.
Thank you.	Thank you. My aim was No.1!
My name is Yu Wang.	My name is Xiaoqian Hu.
I'm a girl.	I'm a girl.
I'm six years old.	I'm six years old.
Watching animation and listening to children's songs.	Yes, I like small animals and animation. I also like listening to children's songs.
[6] Hey hey. I'm getting home, bye!	[6] Hey, I'm going to have my class, goodbye.
Good evening.	Good evening! I've been very happy recently.
I got paid today. I'm very happy.	I've got a promotion, hehe!
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Yuzhen Hu.
I'm a boy.	Surely I'm a boy.
I'm 27 years old.	Just 20 years old.
I like listening to music and watching news.	Yeah, I like listening to music and chasing stars.
[6] Ha ha, still got something at hand. I'll talk to you next time.	[6] Ha ha, yes! I'm going to listen to my favorite song Love of Houston.
[7] Talk later. I'm going to sleep.	Thank you, bye!
Pretty good. I've made progress in my study. I'm very happy.	I'm very depressed. I didn't do well in the exam.
Yeah, I see.	I see.
OK, I'm Xiaoqian Ren.	Yes, my name is Xiaoqian Zhou.
Yes, my name is Ms. Zhou.	Good.
I'm 27 years old.	I'm not an adult yet. I'm 16.
I like small animals, watching animation and listening to children's songs.	Yes, I like listening to music and chasing stars.
[6] I'm going to have a rest. Talk later.	Ha ha, because I like Jay Chou very much.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.
Today's weather is cloudy with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 15℃ and the minimum temperature will be 10℃.	It's cloudy with northeast wind in Foshan today. The highest temperature will be 22℃, and the lowest temperature will be14℃.
[2] It's a good day to listen to Floral Sea. It's a very popular song.	[2] You're welcome. It's a good day for Red-Cooked Pork. Here I recommend it to you.
Yes, Red-Cooked Pork is a hot dish which is suitable for today's weather.	The taste of streaky pork is wonderful!
[3] If you want to eat it, I recommend you to go to Yuduoduo Roasted Fish. Their Red-Cooked Pork is very good.	Yes, there is nothing but food and love that we cannot fail to live up to.
OK, goodbye!	OK, bye!
Hello, I've been taking care of my grandson recently. I'm very tired.	I've got bonus. I'm so happy.
OK.	Sure, I'd love to.
My name is Xinqian Zhang.	My name is Shuaihua Han.
Yes, you are so smart.	You are right. Good for you!
I'm 55 years old.	I'm 28 years old.
Usually I like to follow stars' information and listen to music.	I usually like to catch up on entertainment news, see movies and listen to music.
Well, I like listening to Time Boils The Rain.	Yeah, I like Marru a Prefect Man.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.
I'm in a good mood today.	Very good!
I did well in today's exam.	I got a promotion today.
My name is Qizhen Ji.	My name is Xinyu Guo.
Yes.	Yes.
I'm 27.	I'm 51 years old.
I usually like to listen to music.	I usually like listening to music.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Good evening.	Good evening.
It's not bad recently. I did well in the exam.	Not good. There's a lot of pressure from study.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Xiaoshan Wang.
I'm a boy.	I'm surely a girl.
I'm seven years old.	I'm 27.
I like listening to music and watching news.	Yes, I like listening to music.
I like the song named All the Things You Never Knew.	Glamour Forever.
OK, see ya!	OK, see you later!
Today is sunny with northwest wind, the highest temperature is 15℃, the lowest temperature is 9℃.	Here's today's weather forecast for you. It will turn from sunny to cloudy with northeast wind in Jinan today. The highest temperature will be 8℃, and the lowest temperature will be 0℃.
[2] Today's weather is suitable for eating Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce.	[2] Well, it's a good day to listen to Chinese Soul. It integrates and innovates Eastern and Western elements, which makes rap music integrate with Chinese traditional culture better. It's very catchy.
Kris Wu.	Kris Wu.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Shall I play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	OK, I'll play it right away. Please enjoy it.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it. I'll recommend to you other good songs later.
OK, goodbye.	Cool, goodbye.
OK, it's playing for you.	Playing now.
[2] Hehe, I'd like to recommend a song named I Waited Until the Flower Withered. It's a gentle song with warm melody and lively rhythm. It's a classic lyric pop song.	[2] My pleasure. By the way, you can listen to the song Wolf Legend sung by Jacky Cheung. Every time we go to KTV, we must sing it. It's very catchy!
OK, I'd like to recommend another song named A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream to you. It's the theme song of the mobile game World of Sword.	Yes, how about I Can't Forget You? The lyrics needs to be sung out with emotion, so it's not easy for ordinary people to sing it well. It's really worth listening to.
Yeah, you'll love it.	You'll know after listening.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing now.	It's playing. Hope you like it!
I'm glad you like it.	Yes, they are. It's my pleasure to find your favorite song.
OK, see ya!	Goodbye.
Of course, it's Cecilia Cheung.	Certainly, it's Cecilia Cheung.
[2] Cecilia Cheung is a Hong Kong movie star. Of course I know her.	[2] well, let's talk about her. I remember she was called a natural beauty.
Yes, and she has also won the Best Actress of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	Actually, her career is better. She was awarded as the Outstanding Artist from Asia at the Chinese Film Festival in New York and has won the Golden Bauhinia Award for Best Leading Actress.
[3] I'd like to recommend a movie of her, The Bare-Footed Kid. It's a good movie with a good reputation. Would you like to see it?	[3] Sounds like that you appreciate her acting skills very much. I recommend you go to see Unforgettable starred by her. The film is plain but touching. The music is fit for it. And the actors' performances are natural.
[4] Then I recommend you to see Time and Tide starred by Nicholas Tse. It is a love movie.	[4] It's recommended that you see the movie Time and Tide starred by him. It is fast-paced with compact plot. The fast editing of action scenes in it are dynamic and cool.
It's good.	It has a good reputation.
I believe it won't let you down.	I believe it won't let you down.
OK, see ya!	Okay, bye.
Xiaoming Huang.	Mi Yang.
[2] I also know that Mi Yang won the Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress.	[2] I also know that she is a controversial but popular post-85 actress in China. She is also a sexy mother.
She has also won Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress. She is excellent.	It's natural that people like those who are excellent. She has won the Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress and the Best Actress of Houston International Film Festival.
[3] I recommend you to see her movie Secret. It's very funny.	[3] Here's a movie for you. It's called Love In The Buff which is starred by her. It's a good Chinese romantic movie.
The score is 7.4.	The score is as high as 7.5.
I'm glad you like it.	It won't let you down.
Bye!	Good night.
I'm fine.	It's OK and a day has passed like this.
I'm busy working with my grandson every day.	Nothing special. It's just that I haven't chatted with anyone all day. I'm a little lonely.
Love Letter.	I like Naughty Love best.
I like Jiong He very much. He is a good host.	Yes, I like him very much. I kinda want to know what he has achieved.
He's really good at hosting.	It turns out that he's good at hosting.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I've heard this song. Recommend another one to me.
This one seems good. I'm not interested in it.	It sounds very good. It's very artistic!
Then I'm looking forward to it.	I can't wait to listen to it.
Yes, please.	Sure, please.
[6] I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you next time.	[6] Good, I'll talk to you next time, bye.
OK, see ya!	Uh huh.
Shadow Play is playing for you.	Play the song Shadow Play now.
[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend a song All the Things You Never Knew by Leehom Wang. It's a very delicate and moving song.	[2] Thank you for your praise. Jay Chou, the lead singer of this song, sings another beautiful song called Self Directed Act. This is an R & B style song. You can try to listen to it.
How about Run Toward the Future? It's the theme song of the movie Heroes 2.	The song Time Machine is also very good. Jay Chou is too excellent to be surpassed. I recommend this song to you.
I believe you will like it.	Yes, Jay Chou's singing is very good.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Would you like me to play this song for you now?
It's playing Time Machine for you.	Time Machine is playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	Goodbye.
It's 8 p.m.	It's 6:00 p.m. Beijing time.
[2] You're welcome. It's cloudy with northeast winds today. The high will be 23 ℃ and low 16 ℃. Be sure to keep warm.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, there's light rain with southeast winds today. The high will be 25 ℃ and the low 15 ℃. Take an umbrella with you.
You're welcome.	I'm your sweet little housekeeper.
Bye!	Well, be safe on the way. Bye.
Today is cloudy to light rain with northeast wind, the highest temperature is 21 ℃, and the lowest temperature is 10 ℃.	It's cloudy with northeast winds today. The high will be 23 ℃ and low 17 ℃.
[2] Thank you for your praise. This kind of weather is suitable for listening to Who's the Keyman. This song expresses the loneliness and powerlessness of love between lovers.	[2] Ha ha, it's a real enjoyment to eat Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili in this kind of weather.
Yes, and the stomach will warm up after eating this hot dish.	Yeah, grilled solid fish is really delicious.
Then you can try it.	[3] There are 188 orders of Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili in Wasai Sichuan Restaurant (Meilong Town Store). I recommend you to try it.
The score is 3.5.	The score is 3.7, which is good.
The address is the second floor of Meilong Town Square, No.1 Zhongshan Road, Meilan District.	It's on the 7th floor of Meilong Town Square, No. 1038 of Nanjing West Road, Jing'an District (Nanjing West Road Subway Station).
The price per capita is 44 yuan.	92 RMB.
OK, booking succeed.	Yes, the reservation is successful.
Bye!	Bye!
Xiaoming Huang.	It's Xun Zhou.
[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Xun Zhou, she is really an excellent actress.	[2] You're welcome. Xun Zhou is the best actress in China. No one can compare with her.
Yes, and she has also won the Best Actress of the Golden Rooster Award.	Yes, she has also won the Hundred Flowers Awards for Best Actress. She's really amazing.
[3] Then I'd like to recommend her movie "Run" to you. The film is very good. It's a good movie with good reputation.	[3] Maybe you will be interested in The Little Chinese Seamstress starred by Xun Zhou? It's a very good movie.
[4] Then you can see Rene Liu's Rene Liu, which is a wonderful movie.	[4] Wait a minute. Siao Yu is a rare masterpiece of young Rene Liu. Would you like to see it?
It's a comedy.	It's a feature film.
Enjoy the film.	Well, this movie will never let you down.
Bye!	OK, goodbye, I won't disturb you.
It's mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 21 ℃, and low 13 ℃.	There may be a shower with south winds today. The high will be 19 ℃ and the low 12 ℃.
[2] Thank you for your praise. Today's weather is suitable for eating Jiaozi Stuffed with Celery.	[2] Ha ha, that's right. It's perfect to cook Kung Pao Chicken at home in this kind of weather.
That's great. You can have a try when you have time.	Yes, it's not greasy, but it can be eaten with rice.
Then you can't miss this delicious food.	[3] Then I recommend you to book one at Gourmets' Hunan Cuisine. It's convenient and fast.
44 yuan.	It's not expensive. The average price is 54 yuan.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you.	It's really a good choice.
OK, see ya!	OK, have a rest early. Bye.
He's a Cancer.	Jacky Cheung is a Cancer!
[2] Thank you for your compliment. Jacky Cheung is the first Chinese singer to be famous in South Korea.	[2] Jacky Cheung has won Golden Melody Award for Best Male Mandarin Singer.
He is also one of Ten Outstanding Young Persons of Hong Kong.	Do you like his songs? His music is very good.
[3] I recommend his song Can't Fight The Feeling to you. It's a great song.	[3] I recommend you to listen to his Be Torn with Grief, which is a classic lyric pop song.
You'll like it.	I'm glad you like it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want to play Be Torn with Grief?
Playing Be Torn with Grief for you.	Be Torn with Grief is playing for you.
You're welcome. I'm glad you like it.	You're welcome. If you like it, I'll recommend good songs to you next time.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is September 12, 2018.	Today is November 14th, 2018.
[2] Thank you for your compliment. By the way, today is also Kris Wu's birthday.	[2] Naughty. Do you know that the high will be 21 ℃, and the low 15 ℃ today? It'll turn from cloudy to light rain with northeast winds.
Yes. Pay attention to the temperature difference.	You should pay more attention. Don't catch a cold. Do you have an umbrella?
[3] Well, I'm going to work. I'll talk to you later.	All right, all right, it's OK you take an umbrella.
Goodbye.	Come on. Bye.
I'm very good recently. I've been promoted.	It's OK, but I'm not in a good mood.
I didn't do well in the exam.	Recently, my study has been backward and I feel depressed.
OK, thank you.	Yes, please.
My name is Fangxia Liu.	My name is Yuzhen Hu.
Yeah, you're smart.	You can even know that. You're so smart.
I'm 26 years old.	I'm 22.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	Yes. I like following news of celebrities, listening to music and something like that.
[6] Yeah, I'm going to bed. Bye.	[6] Yeah. It's late. I'm going to have a rest. I'll talk with you next time.
Bye!	Bye!
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon.
My study has been going downhill recently. I'm so sad.	Don't mention it. I'm so busy that I don't have time to sit down and drink water.
I like listening to the Sun Washed by Spring Rain.	I like listening to Stranger In The North best. I always listen to it when I'm free.
Yes, I really like him.	Yes, I like him very much. He is my idol.
He's really excellent.	Well, he's my forever idol and my role model.
I've heard it.	I don't want to listen to this song for the moment. I'm sorry.
What's the score of this song?	Did he sing it, too? I don't remember this song.
OK, thank you for your recommendation.	I'll enjoy this song when I'm free.
Yes, please.	Yes.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm going to bed. Goodbye.	It's really catchy. This is the song of a super singer.
Bye!	Well, bye.
Not very good. I didn't do well in the exam.	Recently, work is really boring!
I see. Thank you!	I listen to songs once in a while.
I don't want to listen to music now.	Sorry, I'm not in the mood to listen to music for the moment.
I know. He is my idol!	I like Leehom Wang very much. He is an accomplished superstar.
I've seen his movie Impossible to Miss You. It's a good movie.	I like his movies very much.
I've seen this movie. Anything else?	I've seen this movie. Any others?
Who is the director of this movie?	What's the public praise of this film?
Then I must see it.	Thank you for your recommendation. I'll see it when I have time.
OK, I'll see it when I have time.	OK, I'm looking forward to it.
Bye!	See ya!
It's Nicholas Tse.	It's Bingbing Fan.
[2] You're welcome. Bingbing Fan is the Most Popular Actress of the Chinese Film Media Award.	[2] You're welcome. Of course I know about celebrities like Bingbing Fan.
Bingbing Fan is a famous movie star. She has also won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress.	You have a good eye. Bingbing Fan has also won Best Actress in Eurasian International Film Festival.
[3] Then you must like her very much. I'd like to recommend the movie named Big Bowl Thick Noodles starred by her to you. It's a domestic movie, which is worth watching.	[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend you a movie Call for Love starred by Bingbing Fan, which is known as the new year urban spicy love comedy.
The director is Jianya Zhang.	The director is Zhang Jianya.
It has a good reputation.	Not bad.
Hope you like it.	Enjoy the movie.
Bye!	Bye!
I've been very good recently. I've made progress in my study.	It's not good recently. I didn't do well in the exam.
Yeah, I will.	Well. OK, I'll try my best.
I like Bo Huang best.	I like Yesteryou Yesterme Yesterday II best.
I like Bingbing Fan best.	It's Leslie Cheung. I always like him.
Yes, he's my idol.	Well, yes, and his acting is also great.
Yes, he's very excellent.	He has won many excellent awards.
I've seen it.	I'm not interested in this movie.
Who are the stars?	How about this movie?
OK, I'll see it when I have time.	Well. OK. I'll see it when I have time.
[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	Well, thank you for your recommendation.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm gonna go to bed.	[6] Well, I'm going to eat. I'll talk with you next time. Bye.
Bye!	Bye!
She's type A.	Cecilia Cheung's blood type is A.
[2] I also know that Cecilia Cheung won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress.	[2] Ha ha, it seems that you like her very much. She is the top actress in Asia.
Yes, her acting is really great. She has won the Golden Horse Award for Best Supporting Actress.	Besides, she has won Best Actress of Hong Kong Film Critics Society Awards.
[3] Then I recommend you to see her movie, A Better Tomorrow II. It's very good. The scene in the movie is very dramatic. I recommend it to you.	[3] Since you like her so much, you can see the touching Unforgettable starred by Cecilia Cheung, Qingyun Liu and Tianle Gu. Although it's sensational, it's natural. The moving plot has its foreshadowing and doesn't let people feel it's deliberate and abrupt.
It's a feature film.	It's a feature film.
I'm sure you'll like it.	It's a wonderful movie.
Bye!	OK, until next time.
OK, now it's playing for you.	OK, it's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
[2] You're welcome. In fact, Leslie Cheung's another song All the Things You Never Knew is also very good. It's also the theme song of his album I'm Going to School.	[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend you Side Face. It's very catchy and has won the 12th Top Ten Chinese Gold Songs Award.
OK, how about Side Face? It's a very good song. You'll like it.	Well, then you can listen to The Years Flow Like Water, which has won the Top 20 Golden Melody in Hong Kong. It's very popular.
It's sung by Jiong He.	Leslie Cheung, too.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	Yes, we all miss this song very much!
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] May I play it for you?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	It's playing for you, please enjoy it!
You are welcome.	You are welcome.
OK, bye!	OK, see ya!
Yes. She's 168cm.	Bingbing Fan's height is 168cm.
[2] You're welcome. Bingbing Fan is a very popular actress. She has also won the Asian Film Awards for Best Actress.	[2] Bingbing Fan's acting is also good. She has won Best Actress of China Film Directors' Guild.
Yes, she also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress.	Yes, and she has won Hundred Flowers Awards for Best Actress.
[3] Then I recommend you to see the movie She Came to My Concert. It is a good domestic film.	[3] Since you like her so much, you can not miss the movie Chongqing Blues starred by Bingbing Fan. The background music of the film is very good. At the beginning, the light guitar sound and the slightly sad tone of the film fit together, and the light sadness slowly infiltrates into the rhythm of the film until the end.
It's a love movie.	This is a crime feature film.
It won't let you down.	You won't be disappointed after watching it.
Bye!	OK, I won't disturb you. Have a nice day!
Today is November 6, 2018.	Today is November 11th, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Xiaoming Huang's birthday. He was born on November 11, 1977.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, it's light rain with northeast winds in Nanning today. The high will be 27 ℃ and low 19 ℃. Remember to take an umbrella when you go out.
You're welcome.	My pleasure.
OK, see ya!	OK, byebye.
Today is May 17, 2018.	Today is November 18th, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Kris Wu's birthday.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, it's light rain with north winds in Wuxi today. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 8 ℃. Remember to take an umbrella when you go out.
You're welcome.	It's my pleasure to serve you.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
I'm fine. I just got paid.	I'm very good. Studying is relax.
OK, I see.	OK, I see.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Xuanhang Wang.
Yeah, so smart.	Yeah, you're smart.
I'm eight years old.	I'm six years old.
I like listening to children's songs best.	Yes, I like watching animation, listening to children's songs, and occasionally looking at small animals and so on.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6]I have to study.Goodbye.
It's Cancer.	He's a Cancer.
[2] I also know that he has won the Best Actor Award of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	[2] Jacky Cheung is a famous singer. Do you like him?
He is also one of the 25 greatest actors in Asia on CNN.	Yeah, after all, he's such an excellent person. He has not only won The Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards, but also won The Best Mandarin Male Singer of Golden Melody Awards.
[3] Yes, his music is very good. I recommend his song Impossible to Miss You to you. It's an episode in the series Impossible to Miss You.	[3] I don't know how the true love starts, but the love is as deep as the sea. I recommend you a song called I Waited Until the Flower Withered. The melody of this song is beautiful. Jacky Cheung successfully performed this song with his mellow voice and exquisite singing skills.
You can listen to it. It's very nice.	Then you can not miss it.
[4] Do you want me to play this song for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play I Waited Until the Flower Withered for you?
Playing for you. Please enjoy.	I Waited Until the Flower Withered is playing for you
Bye!	See ya!
The weather today is cloudy with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 20℃ and the minimum temperature will be 9℃.	It'll turn from sunny to cloudy with southeast winds in Yinchuan today. The high will be 7 ℃ and the low - 5 ℃. It's cold. Wear warm!
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for eating Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, The 18 Martial Arts is the best song to listen to at home at night. This song also let us hear that we can still play the melody of western pop songs without any Western musical instruments.
Leehom Wang.	Leehom Wang.
[3] Do you want me to play this song for you?	[3] Do you want me to play this song for you?
It's playing for you.	The 18 Martial Arts is playing for you.
You're welcome. It's my pleasure.	You're welcome. You can come to me anytime when you want to listen to songs.
Bye!	Next time, goodbye!
It's Jiong He.	The lead singer of this song is Jiong He.
[2] You're welcome. Jiong He has won the Excellent Host Award of China TV Golden Eagle Award.	[2] You're welcome. Jiong He is also a famous host of Hunan Satellite TV.
Yes, he has also won China TV Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.	Moreover, as a doyen in the entertainment circle, he's versatile.
[3] I'd like to recommend a song  Heartburn to you. It's very catchy.	[3] Yes, you can listen to his song And Me. There are many setbacks in life, but don't give up anyway.
It's a very good song.	Listen to it and you'll know. You'll have different feelings when you listen to it at different stages.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play And Me now?
And Me is playing for you.	OK, I'll play And Me for you. Please enjoy it.
You're welcome. I'm glad you like it.	You're welcome. I'll recommend you good songs at any time.
Bye!	OK, until next time.
Good evening. I'm not happy because I failed in the exam.	I was very busy a few days ago, but today the bonus arrived. I'm very happy!
Thank you for your encouragement. I will try my best.	Of course, or I'm sorry for myself!
My name is Fangxia Liu.	Remember, my name is Xinbin Liu!
I'm a man, of course.	Man.
I'm 55.	I'm 28 years old, almost thirty years old.
I like listening to music and watching movies.	I usually watch movies and listen to music.
[6] Yes, I have something else to do.Goodbye.	[6] I know. I'm happy to chat with you. I gotta go. Let's talk next time!
Bye!	Bye!
It's Bingbing Fan.	Yes. It's Xun Zhou.
[2] Thank you. Speaking of Xun Zhou, she has won the Best Actress of the Asian Film Awards.	[2] Of course, she has won Best Actress of The Asian Film Awards.
Yes, and she is also known as the goddess of love. You have a good taste.	You must be a fan of her.
[3] I recommend you to see her movie, Beautiful. The whole movie is in the style of classical Chinese movies.	[3] Well, you'll like the documentary Children From The Distant Planet starred by her, which is very stylish.
It's good.	Good reputation.
You're gonna love it.	It seems that my recommendation is good.
OK, see ya!	OK, goodbye.
It's 8 p.m.	Hello, it's 10:00 p.m. on November 27th, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, it's cloudy with northeast winds today. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 7 ℃. Please keep warm.	[2] Thank you. By the way, it'll turn from cloudy to sunny with northeast winds in Hengshui today. The high will be 12 ℃ and the low - 1 ℃. Wear warm.
You're welcome.	Ha ha, that's what I should do.
Okay, bye.	Bye!
Hello, I'm in a good mood recently. I did well in the exam.	Good afternoon. It's not so good recently. I didn't do well in the exam.
I will. Thank you for your encouragement.	Well, thank you for your encouragement.
I like Failan best.	I like the movie Failan best.
I like Bingbing Fan best.	It must be Cecilia Cheung.
Yes, she is a beautiful beauty. I like her very much.	Ha ha, yeah, she's so beautiful and nobody doesn't like her.
She's so excellent. I really like her.	She's a great artist. I like her plays very much.
I've seen this movie. Any other recommendations?	I'm sorry, I don't like this kind of movies.
How's the review?	What's the reputation of this movie?
OK, I'll watch it when I have time.	It's worth seeing.
[6] OK, I'm going to study. Talk to you later.	[6] It's nice to chat with you. I'm going to study for a while. I'll talk with you next time.
Bye!	Goodbye.
Good morning.	Good morning.
I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	It's not very good. My study is backward.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Yujiang Yu.
Beautiful girl.	You guess.
You are so smart.	That's humorous. Thank you for your praise. Ha ha.
Yes, I'm almost nine years old.	Yes, I'm 19 years old.
I like listening to music and watching news.	Watching movies and star news.
[6] Well, I'm going to eat, goodbye.	[6] It's OK. Ha ha, I'm going to have a class.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Good morning.	Good afternoon!
Yes, I'm promoted. I'm so happy.	I've been busy with my work recently. I'm a little tired.
But I don't want to listen to music now.	But I don't want to listen to music now.
I like him very much.	Yes, he is a famous singer in Taiwan.
Ha ha, he is really excellent.	He's annual record sales champion in Greater China for 8 times.
I've seen this movie. Any other recommendations?	I've seen the movie. I'm sorry.
Who is the director?	Who are the stars in this movie?
OK, I'll see it when I have time.	I really like them. I'll see it when I'm free.
Bye!	Bye!
It's Jacky Cheung.	It's Jacky Cheung.
[2] Thank you. Jacky Cheung is the winner of the Best Original Film Song of Golden Horse Award. Do you like him?	[2] Of course, he is an artist with both virtue and art.
Yes, he has won the Most Popular Asian Artist of Channel V.	He's not only good at singing, but also good at acting. He has won Hong Kong Film Award for Best Supporting Actor.
[3] I recommend you to see his movie The Pirate, which combines action and plot.	[3] I recommend you a song I'm Really Hurt. Instead of using the way full of tension, thick and sonorous, he's so gentle and delicate, and the song is still so outstanding.
Yeah, but it won't let you down.	Yeah, it's a sad song.
[4] May I play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you?
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
See ya!	See ya!
It's Xiaoming Huang.	It's Na Xie.
[2] She is a famous host in China.	[2] You're welcome. About Na Xie, I know she has won the Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.
Yes, she has also won the China TV Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.	Yes, Na Xie really has a very special feminine charm.
[3] Then you can see Na Xie's The Bare-Footed Kid starred by her. It's an episode in the series. I recommend it to you.	[3] Ha ha, I can see that you like her very much. Then I recommend you her Princess and Seven Kung Fu Masters. It's a very good movie. It's very funny.
The director is Chongji Zhao.	Jing Wang and Guomin Jiang.
It's good.	Not bad.
You're going to love it.	I hope you'll like it.
Bye!	See ya!
It's Na Xie.	Cecilia Cheung, of course.
[2] You're welcome. I also know she won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress.	[2] You're welcome. She's a charming actress. Many people like her very much.
She's really good at acting. She has won the Best Actress of Golden Bauhinia Awards.	Yes, she is also a very loving woman. She's very charismatic.
[3] I recommend you to watch her movie, I'm Really Hurt, which is starred by Cecilia Cheung. You can try it.	[3] Then you can see her Unforgettable and support her with practical actions! The story is warm and touching, and Cecilia Cheung acts best in this movie.
There are also Leehom Wang and Gege He.	There are Qingyun Liu, Tianle Gu and other celebrities.
It won't let you down.	You're going to love it.
All right. Bye!	OK, bye!
Today is cloudy to sunny with northwest wind, the highest temperature is -1℃, the lowest temperature is -13℃.	It's sunny with southwest winds in Shenyang today. The high will be 2 ℃ and low - 10 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. It's a good day to eat Marinated Fish.	[2] Yes, this kind of weather is suitable for eating Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce. It's really satisfied!
Yes, you'll feel warm in the stomach after eating this hot dish.	OK, then this hot dish is very suitable for you.
[3] You can order it at Yufeiyu Fashion Hunan Cuisine.	Well, believe me, it will definitely satisfy you!
All right. Bye!	Well. Have a nice meal. Bye!
He's a Cancer.	It's Cancer.
[2] You're welcome. I also know that he has won many awards, such as the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards and the Best Supporting Actor of the Golden Horse Awards.	[2] Speaking of Jacky Cheung, he is an excellent idol and a super singer.
Yeah, he has won the Golden Needle Award, the highest honor in Hong Kong music circle.	You have a good eye. He has not only won the 8th Hong Kong Film Award for Best Supporting Actor, but also won The Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.
[3] Since you like him so much, I'd like to recommend you his song There's a Place. The simple lyrics of this song gently hit the hearts of the audience.	[3] I'm Really Hurt is very catchy. Instead of using the way full of tension, thick and sonorous, he's so gentle and delicate, and the song is still so outstanding. I recommend you to listen to it.
Yes, he sings very well.	Yes.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play I'm Really Hurt?
Playing I'm Really Hurt for you.	I'm Really Hurt is playing.
OK, see ya!	See ya!
Good afternoon.	Good afternoon.
I'm very happy. I've made progress in my study.	Generally speaking, it's very good. I've made progress in my study. I'm very happy.
But I don't want to listen to music now.	Thank you, but I don't want to listen to music for the moment.
I really like him. He's my idol.	My favorite star is him. It's said that he has won many awards.
It seems that he's really good at hosting.	It's really hard to imagine that such a thin person has such a great tension, and his hosting skills are really strong enough to say nothing bad.
I've seen it.	I've seen it. I don't want to see it again.
Who is the director of this movie?	What's the type of this movie?
OK, I'll see it when I have time.	All right. I'll see it when I'm free.
All right. Bye!	Yeah, let's talk next time. Bye.
Very good.	Oh, don't mention it. I failed in the exam recently. I'm upset.
I hope so.	Well, I'll try my best. I will do well in the exam next time.
I like American Dreams in China best.	I like American Dreams in China.
It's Bingbing Fan.	Xiaoming Huang.
Wow, that's amazing. He's the king of box office in China.	It's very good. I like the way he shines.
Yeah.	I've always been his big fan.
I've seen it. I'm not interested in it.	I don't want to see this. I saw it yesterday.
How do people say about it?	Who is the director? Who are the stars?
I really want to see it.	Then I'll see it.
[6] I'm going to dinner. Talk to you next time.	[6] I'm going to eat. Let's talk next time.
Bye!	Okay, goodbye.
I'm very happy recently. I just got paid.	Alas, I'm not in a beautiful mood. My study is backward.
I see. Thank you.	Well, you're right.
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	My name is Xinxiang Yu.
Yes.	Yeah.
I'm six years old.	I'm nine years old.
I like small animals, animation and children's songs.	I like small animals, watching animation, and listening to children's songs.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6]I have to study.Goodbye.
The lead singer of this song is Leslie Cheung.	It's Leslie Cheung.
[2] Leslie Cheung is a very excellent artist.	[2] Do you like him? He's a superstar.
He has also won the Hong Kong Film Awards for Best Actor.	Well. He's really an excellent man. He has won The Golden Needle Award, which is the highest honor in Hong Kong music industry.
[3] Well, I'd like to recommend a song to you. The Sun Washed by Spring Rain, which was composed and sung by Leslie Cheung, perfectly shows the loneliness and powerlessness of love between men and women.	[3] I'd like to recommend you his song Where Are You Now. As Leslie Cheung said, some songs have been sung on the record and will not be sung on any occasion. This song Where Are You Now is just like this.
Yes, it's your idol's song.	The lyrics and composition are also very good. It's not tired to listen to it over and over again.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?
Playing for you. Please enjoy.	I'll play it for you right away.
See ya!	I'm glad you like it, goodbye.
I'm fine. I just got paid.	Good afternoon! Very good. I did very well in the exam yesterday.
Well, I will try my best.	I'll certainly not be proud, and I'll continue to work hard, and don't let my classmates over me.
My name is Xinqian Zhang.	My name is Jiaoshan Hu.
Yes, you are so smart.	Yeah, you're smart.
I'm only 18 years old.	I'm 26 now.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	I like watching the news of stars and listening to music.
Well, I like Miss You.	Well, I like listening to You Hate Me So Much.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.
OK, playing now.	I'm a Good Friend is playing for you.
[2] You're welcome. If you like Jacky Cheung's songs, you can also listen to his song All the Way. It's a song full of confidence.	[2] You're welcome. You like Jiong He's songs so much. You can listen to another song Heartburn sung by Jiong He. It's a very good song.
How about Hope for Love? It's the theme song of the public welfare activity I Want To Go To School.	Then you can listen to Mr. He's song Lonely Shadow. Mr. He's voice is very emotional, warm and healing.
Then you can listen to it. It's a very good song.	The melody of this song is very nice. You should listen to it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do I play Lonely Shadow for you?
Lonely Shadow is playing for you.	Playing Lonely Shadow for you.
You're welcome. As long as you like it.	You're welcome. I'll recommend more wonderful songs for you in the future.
Bye!	OK. Good night.
It's OK. It's boring.	Hi. I'm OK recently. My work is easy, but it's boring.
Yeah, that's what I do.	What do you recommend?
I don't want to listen to music for the time being.	Sorry, I don't want to listen to music right now.
Yes, I like him very much.	Yes, I like listening to his songs.
Yeah, I like his songs very much.	Yeah, he's really excellent.
I've seen it. I don't want to see it now.	That one I've seen already, not again.
Who is the director?	How's the score?
That's good. I'll see it sometime.	Ah, what a high score! I'll see it.
Bye!	See ya!
Good evening.	Good evening.
I'm very happy. I got the bonus today.	It's not bad. I got paid today. Ha ha.
I like The Last Tycoon best.	I like The Last Tycoon best.
I like Bingbing Fan best.	Of course, it's Xiaoming Huang.
Yeah, he's a great actor.	Yes, I like him very much.
Wow, that's amazing.	Yes, I really like a guy who works so hard.
I've seen this one. Any other recommendations?	I've seen it. I don't want to see it again.
How's the review?	Then the reputation should be very good?
OK, I'll see it.	Well, I'll see it now.
Bye!	Byebye!
It's Nicholas Tse.	It's Mi Yang.
[2] I also know that Mi Yang is a Chinese actress who has won the Most Popular Actress of the Asian Film Awards.	[2] Thank you very much. She's a movie star. Do you like her?
Well, she has won the Most Popular Actress of the Chinese Film Media Award.	She is very popular and has won Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress.
[3] I recommend you to see her movie, The Crescent, which is a romantic love movie. I recommend it to you.	[3] Ha ha, as a fan, have you ever seen A Fairy Tale in Beijing? The movie is simple but touching!
It's Xiaogang Feng.	The director is Wei Li.
OK, I hope you'll like it.	OK, it's worth seeing!
OK, goodbye!	OK, goodbye!
I'm on my way home.	I just got paid. I'm happy today. I'm on the way home.
Ha ha, it's because I've made progress in my study.	Tell me about it. People are in high spirits when involved in happy events.
My name is Lingwen Niu.	Just call me Qizhen Ji.
You're so smart.	You're right.
I'm just 20.	I'm more than 50 years old. My hair is gray.
I usually like watching movies.	Mostly I enjoy watching news at home. I usually follow the news of stars, movies or something.
[6] Yeah. I'm home. Talk later.	[6] It's OK, here I'm home. Talk later.
It's Jay Chou.	The lead singer of this song is Jay Chou.
[2] You're welcome. Jay Chou has won the Most Popular Artist of MTV Asia Awards twice.	[2] I'm flattered. Jay Chou is a rare talent.
Jay Chou is a versatile person. He has won the Most Popular Male Singer in the Singapore Golden Melody Awards for four times.	You have a good eye. The MP3 downloads of his songs is third in the world in 2010.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his Self Directed Act. It's very good. The whole song is full of the creator's thinking and confusion about "everything".	[3] You can listen to this goose bumps-worthy Rain. It's Jay Chou who wrote the piano music. In the movie Secret, there are two shots with piano music Rain.
You'll like it after you listen to it.	Of course, you'll obsess with it after listening it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play Rain for you?
It's playing for you.	Rain is playing.
I'm glad you like it.	Heihei, so long as you like it!
Goodbye.	Then I won't disturb you. Bye.
He's from Guangzhou, China.	Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, China.
[2] I also know that Kris Wu is the third most popular male artist in the 2015 Asian Influencial Oriental Festival in New York and the third most popular Asian artist at the MTV Asia Awards.	[2] I also know that he was born on November 6th, 1990.
He has won the Best Actor of Tokyo International Film Festival·China Film Week.	He was the Newcomer of the Year of Esquire Man At His Best Awards in 2014 and he has won China International Film Festival London for Best Newcomer Award.
[3] Since you like Kris Wu so much, I recommend you to listen to his song All the Way, which is very good. Kris Wu's face in the MV is very handsome.	[3] I recommend you his Tough Pill. The melody of the song is catchy. With the drum design of the arrangement, the emotion is pushed forward step by step and gradually becomes strong.
Yeah, you'll like it.	Yes, this song tells the story of Kris Wu's heart. It's full of ups and downs. It seems to lead the audience on a roller coaster ride.
[4] Can I play this song for you now?	[4] Do you need me to play this song for you?
OK, it's playing.	Now Tough Pill is playing.
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
Today is August 26, 2018.	It's April 28th, 2018.
[2] You know what? Today is also Jiong He's birthday.	[2] Thank you for your compliment. Today is the birthday of Jiong He.
He is also the Most Popular Male TV Host among college students in China Student Television Festival.	Mr. He has won the 25th Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.
[3] Speaking of Mr. He, he is the Most Popular Male TV Host among college students at China Student Television Festival.	[3] I'm never tired of listening to the monologue at the beginning of the song Lonely Shadow sung by Jiong He! Do you want to listen to it?
Yes, you can listen to it.	It's a little sad, but it's real. I can almost imagine Mr. He talking to his shadow.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play this song for you?
Lonely Shadow is playing for you.	OK, it's playing for you.
You're welcome. As long as you like it!	I'm glad you like it.
OK, see ya!	Then I won't disturb you, bye!
She's type o.	Her blood type is O.
[2] Of course, I also know that Xun Zhou won the Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress.	[2] Thank you for your praise. Speaking of Xun Zhou, she's an accomplished and lively actress with charm.
Yes, she also won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actress.	Yes, she is not a God or an immortal, but she has a kind of aura, which is very special.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend her movie Golden Sun Movie to you. It's very good.	[3] Yeah, do you want to see her The Equation of Love & Death? In the movie, Xun Zhou's acting is excellent.
[4] It seems that you like Rene Liu's movies very much. I recommend you to see Rene Liu's Rene Liu: A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream.	[4] OK, Rene Liu's Happy Birthday is also very good. The movie accurately describes people's confusion about life and the accurate expression of love maturity in the new era. You can see it.
It's a romantic comedy.	It's a love movie.
Well, I'm sure you'll like it.	You'll like it, ha ha.
OK, see ya!	Sure.
I'm at school.	I'm bored and recently, and my work is really easy.
Yeah.	It is. It's also boring.
My name is Yuzhen Hu.	My name is Jiaolu Mo.
Yes, you're smart.	Yes, thank you.
I'm 23.	I'm 20 years old this year.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	I really like watching movies. My favorite movie is Running On Karma.
[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[6] OK, but I'm going to eat. Talk later.
Bye!	All right. Bye!
Very good.	Very good.
Yes, I did well in the exam.	It's nothing special. I've been promoted.
I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music for the time being.
OK, Kris Wu is my favorite star.	OK, Kris Wu is my favorite star.
Kris Wu is really excellent.	He's really excellent. He's good at singing. He's also very handsome.
I've seen it. Change it.	I've watched it and I'm not interested in it.
What's the score?	What kind of movie is it? Who is the director?
It sounds great. I'll watch it when I have time.	I think it's very good. I'll see it when I'm free.
[5] OK, I'm gonna go to bed. Talk to you next time.	[5] OK, I have something else to do. I'll talk with you when I have time.
Bye!	See you later.
Good morning. Yes, I know. She is a Gemini.	Hello, Hsu Chi's Chinese Zodiac is Dragon.
[2] You're welcome. Hsu Chi is a talented actress. Many people like her very much.	[2] Ha ha, you're welcome. I know she was born in 1976.
Yes, she has also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress.	Her acting skills are becoming more and more perfect. She has won Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress and Most Anticipated Actress of the Chinese Film Media Award. Such awards are recognition for her.
[3] Ha ha, since you like her so much, I recommend you to see her movie, I'm sure you'll like it.	[3] Her works have never let people down. City of Glass is a film starred by her, and it's amazing. The narrative time of the film spans 20 years, and it's not only about the sigh of love, but also about the memory and forgetting of the city. You can see it.
It's a good movie worth seeing.	Indeed, the film's reputation is good.
Well, I'm sure you'll like it.	You will definitely like this movie after watching it.
OK, see ya!	Let's talk when we have time. Bye.
Yes, he is 176cm tall.	Hello, Leehom Wang's height is 180cm.
[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Leehom Wang, he is a superstar in the music world. He has also won the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart.	[2] You're welcome. Leehom Wang is a super singer.
Leehom Wang has won the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart and the Best Male Singer of Taiwan Golden Melody Award.	He has also won Golden Melody Awards for Mandarin Male Singers for two times. Leehom Wang is really a shining star in the Chinese music industry.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Chinese Zodiac (Live). It's a song full of the style of western pop music. The melody and lyrics integrate Eastern and Western elements and make innovations, and convey the fearlessness of the singer.	[3] His Amicable Breakup is very good. It's a sad love song. I recommend it to you.
Yes, it's very popular.	Yes, Amicable Breakup. All the starting points are good, but all the endings are painful, which is probably the essence of this song.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you?
Amicable Breakup is playing for you.	Amicable Breakup is playing for you.
Bye!	Well, bye.
Leslie Cheung is a Virgo.	Leslie Cheung is a Virgo, and he's a real superstar!
[2] Hehe, he's also the Most Anticipated Actor of the Chinese Film Media Award. Do you like him?	[2] Ha ha, speaking of Leslie Cheung, he is one of the top 100 Outstanding Actors in Chinese films in the past century. He has been nominated for Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards for eight times.
He has also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Original Film Song.	Besides, his music is also good, and he is also the record holder of sales of Chinese records in South Korea.
[3] Since you like him so much, I recommend you to listen to his song Blamefully Beautiful. It's a very good song.	[3] Don't mention the sad. I recommend you A Chinese Ghost Story. It's very good. Zhan Huang's song gives full play to the characteristics of classical style. There are streams in the woods, harps and pipes on the floor, and Leslie Cheung's singing is also appropriate. It can be said that it achieves the artistic conception of melodious melody and profound lyrics.
Yes, it's worth listening to.	Yes, Leslie Cheung's voice can heal pain.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want to listen to it now? I can play it for you.
OK, it's playing. Please enjoy it.	It's playing. Please enjoy it.
OK, see ya!	Goodbye, my friend!
Mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 3 ℃.	It's shower with variable winds today. The high will be 27 ℃ and low 24 ℃. Remember to take an umbrella when you go out.
[2] Thanks. It's a perfect day for Sautéed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce.	[2] Thank you for your praise. This kind of weather is suitable for listening to Orchid Pavillion. This song has a profound lyrics and makes people taste it again and again.
Yes, it's Jay Chou's work.	Yeah, Jay Chou's song. I'm sure it won't let you down.
[3] Do you want to play it now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
Orchid Pavillion is playing for you.	It's playing for you.
OK, see ya!	OK, goodbye!
Good afternoon.	Good afternoon!
I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	Not good.
OK, I will.	I will continue to study hard.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Xinxiang Yu.
I'm a little man.	Boy.
Seven years old.	Ten years old.
I like small animals, watching animation and listening to children's songs.	I like listening to music and watching small animals.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6] Talk later. Here I'm home.
It's 12 o'clock at noon.	It's 12 o'clock at noon.
[2] Thank you. By the way, it's light rain with northeast winds today. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 3 ℃.	[2] Ha ha, by the way, today's weather will turn cloudy to light rain with northeast winds. The high will be 21 ℃ and low 15 ℃.
You're welcome.	Remember to take an umbrella when you go out.
OK, see ya!	Well, good.
It's Leslie Cheung.	It's Leslie Cheung.
[2] Leslie Cheung is one of CNN's 25 Most Influential People.	[2] Speaking of Leslie Cheung, he has won Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards and has been shortlisted for Best Actor of the Golden Horse Awards for five times.
You have a good taste. Leslie Cheung has also won the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	Besides, he is good at singing and has won the Golden Needle Award, which is the highest honor in Hong Kong music industry.
[3] Do you want to listen to the song The Crescent? Many people like this song.	[3] I'd like to recommend his Where Are You Now. As Leslie Cheung said, some songs have been sung on the record and won't be sung on any occasion. This song Where Are You Now is just like this.
You can listen to it and feel the sadness.	It's not very sad, but Leslie Cheung is really affectionate as singing this song.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Would you like me to play it for you now?
OK, Where Are You Now is playing.	It's playing for you.
Bye!	All right. Bye!
Good afternoon!	Hi.
I've been promoted recently. I'm very happy.	No, I'm under much pressure on my study.
My name is Fangyang Liu.	Qina Xing.
Yes, you are so smart.	Yeah, you're smart.
I'm 26 years old.	I'm 26 this year.
I like watching movies.	Usually, I like following the news of Hsu Chi and Jacky Cheung and watching movies.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
It's April 28, 2018.	Today is November 6th.
[2] Today is also Kris Wu's birthday.	[2] Let me tell you today's weather. It'll turn from shower to cloudy with north winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 8 ℃.
My pleasure.	Well, thoughtful service is the key of our service.
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye.
He's a Virgo.	Of course, Leslie Cheung is a Virgo.
[2] Speaking of Leslie Cheung, he is the first famous Chinese singer in South Korea.	[2] Speaking of Leslie Cheung, he won the Best Actor of  Hong Kong Film Critics Society.
He has also won the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards. He is also the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	Not only that, he's the first Chinese singer to be well-known in the Korean music world. He's also one of CNN's top five most iconic musicians. He has won many awards such as the Golden Melody Award in Malaysia.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his song Where Are You Now. Leslie Cheung's singing is very good. This song tells the story of a small town, which is in the middle of the Taiwan Strait.	[3] Have you heard his Side Face? Everyone said, Leslie's voice is very magnetic and sexy!
Yeah, I'm sure you'll like it.	Yeah, this song is really good.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want to play it now?
OK, Side Face is playing.	It's playing for you.
OK, see ya!	Okay. Bye.
He's from Qingdao, Shandong Province.	He's from Qingdao, Shandong Province.
[2] He's a famous movie king and an excellent actor.	[2] Of course ha ha. Speaking of Bo Huang, he's a famous actor.
He also won the Golden Phoenix Awards-China Film Society Of Performing Art Award.	Yes, in addition, he has won many awards, such as the Golden Horse Award for Best Supporting Actor.
[3] I'd like to recommend his movie, A Man Of Intention, to you. It's a very good movie.	[3] Yes, to win so many awards means that his acting skills are recognized by the public! Then you have to see his Design Of Death. It's very interesting movie.
Hong Kong, China.	It's Chinese.
You're gonna love it.	You're going to love it.
All right. Bye!	Okay. Goodbye.
Yes. She's type A.	Cecilia Cheung blood type is A.
[2] Thank you. Cecilia Cheung is a real beauty. I also know that she won the Most Anticipated Actress of the Chinese Film Media Award.	[2] Of course, I can tell you that Cecilia Cheung once won the Golden Bauhinia Award for Best Leading Actress.
Yes, her birthday is April 28th.	It seems that you're interested in her. Cecilia Cheung's birthday, May 24, 1980.
[3] Ha ha, since you like her so much, I'd like to recommend you her movie A Man Of Intention. The style of the story is very good.	[3] Ha ha, since you are so interested, I would recommend a movie Twelve Nights starred by her. Like the epitome of  failed love in the world, the movie records the whole process of lovers relation from affection to separation.
The director is Zhiliang Luo.	It's Oi Wah Lam.
OK, hope you like it.	Believe me, it's worth seeing.
All right. Bye!	Talk later, goodbye.
Good afternoon.	Good afternoon!
Very good. I've made progress in my study.	Not bad, but the work pressure is pretty high.
My name is Pinglu Liu.	My name is Xiaojia Lei.
I'm a lady.	Obviously, I'm girl.
I'm 26 years old.	I'm 30 years old.
I usually like to follow stars' information, listen to music and watch movies.	I like to listen to music and watch the news of favorite stars.
[6] Ha ha, I'm going to work. Let's talk next time.	[6] OK, I'm going to be busy. I'll talk to you later.
Bye!	Goodbye.
It's 6 pm.	It's eight o'clock.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, it will turn from sunny to cloudy today. Northeast winds. The high will be 16 ℃, and low 7 ℃.	[2] You're welcome, by the way, today is cloudy to showers with no continuous wind, maximum temperature is 15℃, minimum temperature is 4℃, remember to bring an umbrella when you go out.
You're welcome.	You're welcome. It's my job.
See ya!	See ya!
I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	It's not very good. I'm tired of taking care of my grandson.
Okay.	OK. Thank you very much!
My favorite movie is Left Right Love Destiny.	My favorite movie is Left Right Love Destiny.
Ruby Lin.	I like Cecilia Cheung.
Yeah, she's my idol.	Yes, beautiful and sincere, she's beauty forever.
Yes, she is a model worker in the entertainment industry.	She has a bright personality and is also a caring woman, she deserves our love.
I've seen it.	I'm not interested in the film.
Who is the director?	What kind of style it is?
Sounds good. I'll have a look when I'm free.	Yes, I'll see when I have time.
[6] Well, I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] OK, thank you for your recommendation. Let's talk later.
I'm staying at home.	Hi, I've been busy with the exam. I did well this time.
Thank you. I will.	Mm-hmm. I'll.
My name is Qizhen Ji.	My name is Fanjie Zhang.
Yes.	You're so smart. I'm male.
I'm 26 years old.	I'm just 20 years old.
I like watching movies.	Hobbies are following news of celebrities, listening to music and watching news.
[6] Yeah, I'm going to school. I'll talk to you next time.	[6] OK, I'll. I will be at school soon. Talk later.
Okay, goodbye.	Bye!
It's cloudy with northeast winds in Wuxi. The high will be 22 ℃ and low 14 ℃.	Today is cloudy with southeast wind, the highest temperature is 0 ℃, the lowest temperature is - 13 ℃.
[2] Today is a good day for Stir-Fried Venerupis.	[2] Such cold weather is good for eating steaming marinated fish.
Marinated grouper tastes very delicious.	Then you can try this hot dish and you'll feel warm after eating.
[3] You can order it at Bailechuan Roasted Fish. The marinated fish there is very good.	[3] Yes, according to the data, the largest number of people order marinated fish at the Love In Special Roasted Fish Hot Pot (New Hualian Store).
It's 40 yuan per person.	It's 38 yuan per person.
It's on the 5th floor of New Hualian Plaza, Huyuan 2nd Road, Xiaoshan District.	It's at the intersection of Beijing West Road and Tongda Street, Jinfeng District. The restaurant is on the 4th floor of Macrolink Shopping Mall.
It's 3.9.	It's 3.9.
Sure, no problem.	OK, I'll remind you then.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
OK, playing now.	It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend another song All the Things You Never Knew sung by Leehom Wang. This song is full of strong classical flavor. It's worth listening to. I recommend it to you.	[2] My pleasure. I suggest you listen to Heartburn. It still sounds very nice. It's really good to listen to. You might as well listen to it.
Well, listen to the Time Machine. It's a very good song. You'll like it.	Then you can listen to his Lonely Shadow. It's a song worthy of single cycle. It's great. You can listen to it.
It's a very affectionate song.	It's very nice.
[3] Can I play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play this song for you?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
Hey hey, you're welcome.	Hey hey, you're welcome.
OK, bye!	OK, bye!
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon!
Sure.	It's Ok.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Qina Li.
Yes.	You're right. So smart.
I'm 27 years old.	I'm 54 years old.
I like listening to music.	I like to listen to music and pay attention to the news of some stars I like.
Ha ha, because I like Jiong He so much.	[6] Mm-hmm. it's late. I'm going to bed.
Bye!	See ya!
Today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be - 6 ℃, and low - 14 ℃	Wuxi is sunny today with northwest wind, highest temperature is 12℃, lowest temperature is 2℃.
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for eating Marinated Fish.	[2] You're welcome. Today's weather is very suitable for eating steamed fish head with diced hot red peppers.
Then you can eat it today.	Then you can eat this hot dish.
[3] You can go to Laojiu Sichuan Cuisine. Their steamed fish head with chopped hot red peppers is very delicious.	You also know that it's really good with rice.
OK, see ya!	Oh, then I won't keep you. Goodbye.
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon.
I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	Not bad, very happy.
I like the song named Time Machine.	My favorite song is A Chinese Ghost Story.
Yes, he is my favorite star.	Yes, I like it very much.
He is really a good singer.	Because his singing is really good.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I've heard this song. Any other recommendations?
The name is very artistic.	Wow, this is a classic.
I'll listen to it.	I kind of want to hear it.
Yes.	Yes.
[6] Talk later. I'm going to have a rest.	[6] OK, I'll listen to the song and go to dinner, goodbye.
Mm-hmm.	OK.
It's Xiaoming Huang.	Yes. It's Aaron Kwok.
[2] Speaking of Aaron Kwok, he is the Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.	[2] You're welcome. Aaron Kwok is also known as the king of the stage. He's very famous.
Besides, he has also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor.	You have a good taste. I remember he won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.
[3] Yes, if you like him so much, you can't miss the movie Secret, which is starred by him. It's a very good one. Do you want to see it?	[3] Then you might as well see his movie Somebody Up There Likes Me, which may be one of the best films of Aaron Kwok.
It's a comedy.	It's an action and plot movie.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Hope you like it.
Bye!	Byebye!
Jackie Chan's blood type is AB.	Let me tell you, Jackie Chan's blood type is AB.
[2] Speaking of Jackie Chan, he's a Chinese Kung Fu superstar.	[2] I'm versatile. Jackie Chan is a brave man. He won the best action adventure movie actor award.
Yes, he is also a symbol of Chinese traditional culture.	Of course, he was also rated as the world's top ten outstanding young people.
[3] I recommend you to see his film Jackie Chan: The Lost Legend. It's a documentary.	[3] Then I have to recommend a movie named Rumble in the Bronx. It's the movie which Jackie Chan's jump makes him become a super idol for many people.
Hong Kong, China.	Yes, it's the movie of Hong Kong, China.
[4] You're gonna love this movie. By the way, have a good time. Bye.	Jackie Chan's movie will be good.
Bye!	Ok, goodbye.
Good morning.	Good morning. I'm in a good mood.
I did well in the exam. I'm very happy.	Ha ha, my efforts are not in vain. I have made progress in my study.
I don't want to listen to music for the time being.	I don't want to listen to music for the time being.
Yes, I like him very much. He is also the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart and the Best Selling Chinese Singer of World Music Awards.	Of course, everyone likes Jay Chou.
He is really excellent. I like him very much.	Oh, good! Those who work hard deserve high achievements!
Yes, I like his movies very much.	Oh, I've seen the movie.
That sounds good.	Really? What kind of movie is it?
Then I'm a little interested in it.	It's my favorite type. I'm looking forward to it.
[5] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[5] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm rushing to school.
OK, have a good rest. Bye.	Goodbye.
Of course. He's Cancer.	I know, he's a Cancer.
[2] Thank you. Speaking of Jacky Cheung, he's one of the 25 greatest actors in Asia on CNN.	[2] It's OK! He's the Golden Melody Award for Best Male Mandarin Singer.
Yes, he also won the Golden Needle Award, the highest honor in Hong Kong music circle.	Well, he's a perfect man.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song One Dream to you. It's a beautiful song. It's also the theme song of the movie A Better Tomorrow II.	[3] Would you like to hear him sing Be Torn With Grief? It's a classic lyric song, very good.
Very popular.	Very nice. It's the song of God of Songs.
[4] May I play it for you now?	[4] Do you want to play it now?
Be Torn With Grief is playing.	Be Born With Grief is playing for you.
Bye!	Yeah, bye!
It's sunny with northwest winds. The high will be - 4 ℃, and low - 12 ℃.	The weather is good, cloudy with northeast wind, maximum temperature is 23℃, minimum temperature is 17℃, but the temperature is slightly lower.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend as song. It's very suitable to listen to now. The lyrics of this song are classical and beautiful, and its conception is far-reaching.
Yes, it's a very affectionate song. I hope you like it.	Yeah, otherwise I can't recommend it to you. It's a great song.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] I can play it for you now. Do you want to listen?
It's playing for you.	I'll play it for you right away.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
He's born in Guangzhou, China.	The birthplace of Jimmy Lin is Taiwan, China.
[2] You're welcome. Jimmy Lin is a popular idol.	[2] Speaking of Jimmy Lin, he's the most influential all-around idol and artist.
He has also won two Golden Melody Awards for Best Mandarin Male Singer. He's excellent.	Yeah, Jimmy Lin is a very successful artist.
[3] I'd like to recommend Kris Wu's Floral Sea to you. The song has a soothing power. The melody and lyrics integrate eastern and western elements, so as to better integrate rap music with Chinese traditional culture.	[3] Hehe, then I recommend you School Days which tells the story of green years.
Yes, it is.	It's a comedy.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I believe you will be very happy aftering seeing it.
Bye!	OK. Have a nice meal.
Today is sunny with southwest winds. The high will be 6 ℃, and low - 8 ℃.	Hangzhou today is cloudy with northeast wind. The maximum temperature is 22 degrees and the minimum temperature is 13 degrees.
[2] It's a good day to eat Mapo Tofu.	[2] In this weather, I recommend you listen to Who. Let's think about our childhood.
It's Jiong He.	The singer of Who is Jiong He.
[3] Do you want to play Who?	[3] Can I play Who for you now?
OK, playing for you.	Who is playing for you, please enjoy.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Today is April 28, 2018.	Today is November 13, 2018.
[2] Thank you for your praise. Today is also Xiaoming Huang's birthday.	[2] Thank you for your compliment. I also know that today is Xiaoming Huang's birthday.
Xiaoming Huang is good at acting. He has won the Best Actor of the 12th China Changchun Film Festival.	You have a good taste. He is also the Best Actor of the 12th China Changchun Film Festival!
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend one of his movies, How Les saisons? The theme of this movie is very novel. The story is also very novel.	[3] Yes, I happen to have a movie Les saisons starred by Xiaoming Huang. In the movie, we can not only see the parently love among animals, but also see countless unexpected different but marvellous spectacle. I recommend it to you.
[4] Then I'd like to recommend you Mi Yang's movie Perfect Two. It's very good.	[4] Then you can see a very warm and touching film starred Mi Yang. It's called Perfect Two. It's a classic work!
It's good.	The film has a good reputation.
I'm sure you'll like it.	This movie will definitely bring you a different experience.
Bye!	Have a good dream and good night.
Good morning. I'm on my way home.	It's boring to walk to work.
OK, thank you.	Ha ha, yes.
My name is Pinglu Liu.	Just call me Liguo Jin.
Yes.	You're naughty, it's a boy's name, so I'm a boy.
I'm 20 years old.	Yes, I'm in my twenties. I'm young.
I like listening to The Sun Washed by Spring Rain.	Smart. Besides music, I also follow news of stars.
[6] OK, I'm going to work. I'll talk to you later.	[6] Yeah. I'm at the company now, it's time to go to work again. I'll come to you when I'm bored.
Goodbye.	Bye.
Good evening.	Good evening.
On the way home.	Nothing, just sitting at home.
I like Wonderful Happiness best.	I like Those Years.
Yes, I like him very much.	Yeah, I like him very much.
Yes, he is excellent.	Ha ha, he's really excellent.
I've heard it.	I've heard it. Change it please.
Sounds good.	Sounds good.
OK, thank you.	OK, I'll listen.
Sure.	Mm-hmm.
It's really nice. Thank you.	OK, thank you.
Bye!	Bye!
I'm on it.	It's playing for you.
[2] Thank you for your praise. I'd like to recommend another song of Leehom Wang, The Era, which is an R & B song.	[2] OK, I'd like to recommend another song A Man Of Intention. It's Leslie Cheung's most representative work to express his inner world. It's worth listening to.
Well, how about A Man Of Intention? It's also one of the songs of Jacky Cheung's personal collection. You can listen to it.	Well, there's another song that you must have never heard before. Run Toward the Future is the theme song of the  A Better Tomorrow 2. You might as well listen to it.
Yeah, the song is very good.	Yes, it's very good.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you need me to play this song for you?
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
You are welcome.	You are welcome.
All right. Bye!	All right. Bye!
Yes. It's Leslie Cheung.	It's Nicholas Tse.
[2] Thank you for your praise. He is a very excellent actor.	[2] Thank you for your compliment. Do you know that Nicholas Tse is Asia's best-selling singer with the highest sales volume in the world music award? Do you like him?
He has also won Hong Kong Film Award for Best Supporting Actor.	You like him so much. Do you like to watch the movies starred by him? He's very good at acting! He also won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.
[3] I'd like to recommend his movie " Time and Tide " to you. It's a documentary with warm feelings. I hope you like it.	[3] Then I recommend to you the movie Time and Tide starred by him. The action scenes of the movie are intense and the editing is shocking.
The score is 7.4.	The film's rating is 7.4.
I'm sure you'll like it.	You'll love this movie.
Bye!	All right, goodbye.
OK, Thousand Sad Reasons is playing for you.	OK, I'll play it for you.
[2] You're welcome. Do you want to listen to the song named Self Directed Act? It's a classic lyric song of Leehom Wang.	[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend a song Kiss Goodbye. This song is very popular. It's very emotional and pleasant to listen to.
OK, then what about Need Some Company? This song is also very good. It's the theme song of the public benefit activity I Want To Go To School.	So Close So Far is also good. The song is very artistic. It is Jacky Cheung's song, sounds great.
Yes, his songs are really good.	You'll know if you listen.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
OK, I'll play it for you right away.	Playing now. Please enjoy it.
Hey hey, you're welcome.	Hey hey, you're welcome.
OK, bye!	OK, bye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	It's August 29, 2018.
[2] I also know that today is Nicholas Tse's birthday.	[2] Of course, I'm your sweet baby. By the way, today is the birthday of Nicholas Tse who is the Asia's best-selling singer with the highest sales volume in the world.
Mm-hmm, he also won the Best Actor of Hong Kong Film Awards.	Yes, he's the Hundred Flowers Awards for Best Supporting Actor.
[3] I'd like to recommend his movie Silence is Gold, which is a great film. It tells about a story about the courage and confidence to break through the barrier of love.	[3] Since you know that his acting is superb, you can't miss his New Police Story. The film not only caters to the fashion trend of the new generation of young audiences, but also has the sentimental nostalgia of the old generation.
[4] Then I recommend you to see Cecilia Cheung's Rose War, which tells the story of two women who have been infatuated with each other through love, with their own unique and unique stories.	[4] Oh, unfortunately, but I know Cecilia Cheung has a funny movie called Everyday is Valentine. Turst me, it makes you laugh.
It's a comedy.	It's a love and comedy movie, and its review is good.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Well, I guess you'll like it.
All right. Bye!	Go ahead, goodbye.
It is cloudy with southwest winds. The high will be 23 ℃ and low 13 ℃.	Chengdu today's mostly cloudy with variable winds. The high will be 18 ℃, and low 13 ℃.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Sautéed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce.	[2] I'm flattered! Such weather is perfect for eating "poached spicy slices of pork. I recommend it to you!
Then you can try it!	You'll feel warm in the stomach after eating this hot dish.
OK, I hope you like it.	Hehe, you have been greedy for a long time, right?
All right. Bye!	Well, goodbye then!
Hello	Good evening.
Not bad. It's easy to study.	I did well in the exam, and the teacher gave me a certificate!
My name is Fangyang Liu.	Hey, my name is Xiaoxiang Guo.
Yeah, you're smart.	Yes, of course I am a girl!
I'm eight years old!	I'm six years old!
I like small animals and listening to children's songs!	My hobbies are playing with small animals, watching anime and singing nursery rhymes.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6] I have to study.Goodbye.	[6] Mom calls me to take a bath. Talk later.
It's 10 p.m.	It's 10:00 p.m. Beijing time.
[2] Thank you. By the way, today is cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 13 ℃, and low 2 ℃.	[2] Hee hee, I'm flattered. Please be aware that Lanzhou is cloudy to sunny with northeast wind, maximum temperature is 0℃, minimum temperature is -8℃, don't kick the quilt at night!
Yeah, be sure to keep warm.	Well, you can come to me if you need anything else!
OK, see ya!	Well, have a good dream. Bye!
Virgo.	He was a Virgo.
[2] You're welcome. Mi Yang is a popular actress in China.	[2] You're welcome. After all, Mi Yang is a very popular icon.
She has also won the China TV Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress.	She has also won the Best Actress of Houston International Film Festival. She has both beauty and strength.
[3] I recommend you to see her movie, The Crescent. The performance of Mi Yang in it is very good.	[3] If you like her, you can see her movie Cities In Love, which is filmed in five cities: Prague, Shanghai, Paris, Hokkaido and Florence which have different cultures.
It's Hao Ning.	Muye Wen and Runnian Dong.
You're going to love it.	You're gonna love it.
All right. Bye!	Well, goodbye!
He's 187cm.	Of course. His height is 187cm.
[2] Thank you for your praise. Kris Wu is a popular and popular star.	[2] Ha ha, I also know that he's a popular artist, and he has won the Newcomer of the Year of Esquire Man At His Best 2014 Awards.
Besides, he has also won the Most Popular Male Celebrity of 2015 Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony.	He's also the idol of many people and the first post-90s artist who has wax figure at Shanghai Madame Tussauds Wax Museum.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Deserve to you. It's a song full of the creator's thinking and confusion about what it means.	[3] There Is a Place is his first work after returning home. I recommend it to you.
It's a love song.	It's a lyric song. It's really worth listening to.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you need me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	OK, it's playing for you. Please enjoy.
Well, have a good rest, goodbye!	Goodbye, I'll leave you alone!
I'm on my way home.	I'm going to eat.
I've made progress in my study recently. I'm very happy.	Pretty good. I did well in the exam.
My name is Fangxia Liu.	My name is Xinqian Wang.
I'm a girl.	I'm a girl.
I'm eight years old.	I'm 26.
I like watching movies.	Usually I like to watch the news, listen to music and pay attention to some stars.
[6] Well, I'm going to have a rest. Bye.	Yes, I'm going to eat.
Bye!	See ya!
Today is April 28, 2018.	It's July 10, 2018.
[2] Thank you for your praise. Today is Jacky Cheung's birthday.	[2] Thanks. Today is a special day. It's Jacky Cheung's birthday!
Yes, he's really good at acting. He has won the Best Supporting Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	Well, he's the king of love songs and has won the Golden Needle Award, the highest honor of RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards.
[3] You can listen to the song All the Way. It's a song full of hope and confidence. You will like it very much.	[3] He's very outstanding. I don't know if you've heard the song She Came to My Concert. It sounds good! With a woman's love as the main line, Jacky Cheung's singing and concerts as the subline, the whole song shows the hurt and emotional experience of a woman's life.
Yes, the song is very catchy.	If you haven't heard it, just listen to it!
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] OK, can I play it for you?
OK, it's playing for you.	Mm-hmm. it's playing for you. Please enjoy.
OK, see ya!	All right. Have a nice meal, goodbye.
Good evening.	Good evening!
Very good. The work is very easy.	It's good. Life is happy and study is easy.
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	My name is Xuanjie Lei.
Of course.	Yeah, you're smart.
I'm nine years old.	I'm 20.
I usually like to follow stars' information, watch movies and listen to music.	I like watching movies and listening to music.
Well, I love the movie Heroes 2.	Well, I like the The Swordsman.
[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.
Beijing, Shandong Province.	She was born in Qingdao, Shandong Province.
[2] Speaking of Bingbing Fan, she is known as a beauty with high EQ.	[2] Of course, she's a famous movie star.
She has also won the Best Actress of the Golden Bauhinia Award.	She has won the Best Actress of San Sebastian International Film Festival, the Chinese Film Media Awards for Best Actress, and the Best Actress of the main competition of Tokyo International Film Festival.
[3] Yeah, you can see her movie, The Bare-Footed Kid, which is a documentary about the life and love of a missing youth.	[3] Then I recommend you New Shaolin Temple starred by her. The fighting scenes is very good. You can see it.
The director is Xiaogang Feng.	The director is Benny Chan.
[4] Then I won't disturb you, goodbye.	You should enjoy it.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Yes, I've been very busy recently. I'm busy with my work.	Hello, Work has been pretty boring lately.
Okay.	Okay.
My name is Xinling Yu.	My name is Fengming Jin.
I'm a man.	I'm a man.
I'm 36 years old.	I'm over 60.
I like following stars, listening to music and so on.	I usually like following news of stars, watching movies and so on.
[6] Well, I'm going to work. Talk to you later.	[6] OK, I'm going to work.
Bye!	All right, goodbye!
It's boring.	Pretty good. I'm very busy.
OK, I will.	I'll think about it.
My favorite song is Invisible Hands.	My favorite song is Wonerful Happiness.
Yes, I like him very much.	Yeah, I really like him.
Yeah, he's really good at hosting.	Yeah, I love watching his show, too.
I've heard that. Any other recommendations?	I've heard this song many times. Change it please.
Is this his song?	I haven't heard this one.
Okay.	I'm looking forward to it.
Yes, please.	Yes, please.
It's really good. I like it very much.	[6] Good, I'm at the company.
See ya!	See ya!
Today is October 18, 2018.	It's November 12, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Xiaoming Huang's birthday.	[2] You're welcome, please be aware that today is sunny with southwest wind, the highest temperature is 2℃, the lowest temperature is -7℃, you need to add more clothes when you go out.
My pleasure.	You're welcome. I'm happy if you're satisfied.
OK, see ya!	OK, talk later.
Leslie Cheung is a Virgo born in Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Yes! Born in Kowloon, he's a star from Hong Kong, China!
[2] Ha ha, he is one of the 100 Outstanding Actors of Chinese Films Century. He's very famous.	[2] My pleasure! Leslie Cheung is the male god we chased together in those years!
Besides, he has also won the Golden Needle Award, the highest honor in Hong Kong music circles.	What a good taste you have! He won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor!
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend Leslie Cheung's song "All the Way" to you. Leslie Cheung's singing is very infectious! It's a very classic song!	[3] How talented he is! He is not only good at acting, but also good at singing! I'd like to recommend a song A Chinese Ghost Story. James Wong's song gives full play to the characteristics of classical style. There are streams in the woods, harps and pipes on the floor, and Leslie Cheung's singing is also appropriate. This song enjoys melodious melody and meaningful lyrics.
Then you can listen to it! It's a very nice song!	Hee hee, then you can listen to it! It suddenly reminds people of Whitney and Jackson who are two lonely souls!
[4] Shall I play it for you now?	[4] Let me play it for you!
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	It's playing now. I hope you like it!
Well, let's listen to it!	Glad you like it!
Bye!	goodbye, come back to chat with me later!
Good afternoon.	Good afternoon.
Life is boring recently.	I've been very busy recently. I didn't have time to eat.
My name is Pingqian Zeng.	My name is Qiyu Liu.
I'm a handsome guy.	A handsome guy, ha ha.
I'm 26 years old.	22 years old.
I like watching movies and news.	Well, I like watching movies.
[6] I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[6] Well, I'm going to eat. Talk later.
Capricorn.	He's a Capricorn.
[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Jay Chou, he is a very good singer.	[2] Speaking of Jay Chou, he's a superstar singer.
He has also won 15 Golden Melody Awards. He's very excellent.	Jay Chou has won the IFPI HK Top 10 Sales Mandarin Album for seven consecutive years. He's excellent.
[3] His Rain is very good. Jay Chou sang it with the help of R & B style. It's very catchy.	[3] I'd like to recommend Jay Chou's Free Tutorial Video. It sounds good. Jay has been improving and ahead of time.
Yes, it's a good song. Many people like it.	Yes, the content is more interesting.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want to play Free Tutorial Video for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	Free Tutorial Video is playing for you.
Bye!	Bye!
Not bad.	I've been very happy recently.
I've made some progress in my study. I'm happy.	Nothing, I jus got my bonus recently.
I like The Bare-Footed Kid.	My favorite is To Miss with Love.
Leslie Cheung, of course.	I like Jimmy Lin best.
Yes, he is my idol. I like him very much.	I really like his childlike appearance.
Yes, I like his temperament very much.	He really deserves the title of male god.
I've seen it.	I've seen it. I don't wanna see it for the time being
What's the score?	Who is the director? What are the leading stars?
Then I'll go to see it.	I'll see it later.
[6] It's too late. I'm going to have dinner. Talk later.	[6] It's getting late. It's time for me to go to bed. Talk later.
Good night.	Good night.
Today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 19 ℃ and low 8 ℃.	Yangzhou today is overcast with northeast wind, highest temperature is 3℃, lowest temperature is -1℃.
[2] It's great to eat Spicy Crawfish in such weather.	[2] Today's weather is very suitable for listening to A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream. The combination of Chinese style and electronic music is very good.
Kris Wu.	It's Kris Wu.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
Playing for you. Please enjoy it.	It's playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	I am glad you are happy.
Bye!	OK. Looking forward to chatting with you next time. Goodbye.
It's April 28, 2018.	Today is January 27, 2018.
[2] Today is also Ruby Lin's birthday.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, do you know that today is Ruby Lin's birthday?
You really have a good taste. She won the China TV Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress.	Ha ha, you have a wonderful idol. She won the Best Actress of Chinese TV Drama of 18th Huading Awards, the Best Supporting Actress of Chinese Film of 5th Huading Awards and other important awards.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend you a movie called The Sun Washed by Spring Rain, starred by her. It's a great movie. Would you like to see it?	[3] Then you must like watching her plays very much. Have you seen her Love Trilogy? After watching it, maybe you will give full marks for Francis and Anita Yuen.
The director is Jeffrey Lau.	The director is Chongji Zhao.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Believe me, it's worth seeing.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
I'm very happy. I've been promoted recently.	I'm so happy today. I got bonus.
Thank you.	Thank you. I will continue to work hard.
I like the movie Hema Hema: Sing Me a Song While I Wait best.	My favorite movie is Hema Hema: Sing Me a Song While I Wait.
I like Leslie Cheung best.	My favorite star is Xun Zhou.
Yes, I like her very much.	Her acting skills are very good, from wife to Princess Taiping to Li Mi to Xiao Wei, the roles played by her have given me one surprise after another.
And she's also a winner of the Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress.	Ha ha, I will always support her!
I've seen it.	Sorry, I've seen this movie. Do you have any other movie recommendations?
Ha ha, I'm going to see it.	Which country or region is this movie from?
I'll go to see it sometime.	Then I must see it. Thank you for your recommendation.
OK, I will.	OK, I'm looking forward to your recommendation.
Bye!	See ya!
I'm very good recently. I've been doing well in my study.	It's OK. Life is not tired and work is easy.
Thank you for your praise.	thank you.
Lonely Shadow.	I like Peking Opera Blues best.
Yes, I like him very much.	You can see that. Yes, I like his songs very much.
He's amazing.	He's also one of CNN's 25 most influential people in Asia. I really admire him.
I've heard this song. Any other recommendations?	I heard it.
This one is worth listening.	A good song name.
I'll listen to it when I have time.	Then I'll listen to it.
Sure.	Yes.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm going to work. I'll talk to you next time.	[6] I'm going to work. Let's talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
It's Cecilia Cheung.	Yes. It's Xiaoming Huang.
[2] You're welcome. He's a popular star.	[2] Hey, you're welcome. Xiaoming Huang is the best actor of the 13th China Changchun Film Festival.
He won the Hundred Flowers Award for Best Actor, and the Golden Phoenix Award for Best Actor.	There is also the Golden Phoenix Award of the 12th China Film Performance Art Institute.
[3] Then I'd like to recommend you his movie "Chinese Zodiac (Live)". It's pretty good.	[3] Well, you should like the rare domestic movie, American Dreams in China, starred by our best actor.
Besides Xiaoming Huang, there are Yikuan Yan, Zhiwei Li and Zhiwei Li.	There are Chao Deng, Dawei Tong and Juan Du.
It won't let you down.	Let's share our reviews after seeing the movie.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Today is May 17, 2018.	It's April 28, 2018.
[2] Hee hee, it's also Jiong He's birthday.	[2] You know, today is Jiong He's birthday.
Yes, he is the Most Popular TV Host among college students in China Student Television Festival.	He once won the Honorary Award of the 15th anniversary of China Television Chart held by New Weekly, and the most popular TV program host of China Student Television Festival.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his song Another Self. Jiong He sings very well, and his voice is very infectious.	[3] I recommend you a love song Love Now. It's different from typical love songs which sing for bitter love. It's about the courage and confidence to break through obstacles to love.
Yes.	It's a good song.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
Bye!	Okay, goodbye.
It's Jay Chou.	It's well known artist Jay Chou.
[2] Speaking of Jay Chou, he is one of Ten Outstanding Young Persons of the world. He is not only popular in China, but also has won the Most Popular Male Singer of MTV Asia Awards twice.	[2] I know more, he is a popular star who makes a fortune
Yes, and he has won many awards, such as Most Anticipated Actor of the Chinese Film Media Award, the Best-Selling Chinese Artist of the World Music Awards, and so on.	Mm-hmm. He has won many awards, including the most popular male singer of 4th Golden Melody Award in Singapore.
[3] You can listen to his song All the Things You Never Knew, which is a classic lyric pop song.	[3] Well, I like his Snake Dance very much. The song combines the Egyptian and Middle Eastern folk music styles with hip-hop, and it sings in a charming way, creating a unique and charming hip-hop duet song.
Yes, it's very popular.	Mm-hmm, it sounds nice.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] OK, do you want to play it for you?
OK, playing for you.	OK, it's playing for you.
All right. Bye!	See ya!
It's easy.	I'm not in a good mood today, busy with my work.
Yes, I'm too much pressure.	Yes, too much pressure, a little depressed.
My favorite song is Silence is Gold.	My favorite song is Love of Houston.
I like him very much.	Yeah, I love Leslie Cheung.
Yes, he is also one of CNN's Top Five Iconic Musicians.	It turns out that he has achieved so much. It seems that he‘s really a great man.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I don't like it very much。
Sounds good, right?	Is it so touching?
OK, I'll listen to it.	That sounds good.
Yes, please.	OK,  play it.
It's so beautiful. It's really a good song.	[6] OK, talk later, goodbye.
It's Xiaoming Huang.	It's Jimmy Lin.
[2] Speaking of Jimmy Lin, he is a popular idol in Taiwan.	[2] You really have a good taste. He has been elected the top ten most popular idols in Taiwan three times. He's also a modest man.
Yes, he is also the record holder of sales of Chinese records in North America.	Yes, he's also the most appealing actor in the 2011 China TV Drama Awards.
[3] Ha ha, I'd like to recommend his movie Secret to you. It's a very good movie.	[3] Well, he's so excellent. You must see his movie The Love Winner. It has good-looking stars, wonderful Kung Fu performance and the funny plot, which is worth seeing.
It's Tsui Hark.	It's Yin-Ping Chu.
It won't let you down.	It's a great movie. You'll love it.
Bye!	OK, goodbye!
The weather today will turn from sunny to cloudy with northwest wind. The maximum temperature will be 19℃ and the minimum temperature will be 9℃.	It is cloudy today with north wind, highest temperature is 11℃, lowest temperature is 2℃.
[2] You're welcome. It's a perfect day to have Sautéed Beef Fillet.	[2] You know what? It's a great day to eat Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.
It's a very popular dish.	Very good.  Such a cold weather is perfect for eating the hot dish.
[3] I recommend you to order Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce at The Big Stuffing Dumpling Restaurant.	[3] There's a Laojiu Sichuan Cuisine(Kuanyuanzi Store, the original Sports South Street Store) nearby, which is very good. You can go there.
The rating is 4.4.	The rating is 3.9 and it's 49 per person.
It's on the fourth floor of Zhubang City Square, No. 111 Mingxiu West Road, Chengguan District.	No.270 Sports South Street, Yuhua District. (Inside the Provincial Bureau of Industry and Commerce Guest House)
Sure, no problem.	I'll make a reservation for you
Bye!	See ya!
Today is sunny early and cloudy later. Northeast winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 6 ℃.	Ganzhou is cloudy today with southeast wind, the highest temperature: is 20℃, the lowest temperature is 9℃.
[2] Thank you. It's a perfect day to have Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili.	[2] Hahaha, I recommend you to listen to Orchid Pavillion today. This song is so charming and worth listening again and again.
Jay Chou.	It's Jay Chou! Jay Chou’s songs have accompanied too many people’s youth.
[3] May I play it for you now?	[3] Do you want to play it for you?
Orchid Pavillion is playing for you.	OK, wait a moment.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	Well, goodbye!
Today is November 6th, 2018.	It's August 29, 2018.
[2] Heehee, I also know that today is Nicholas Tse's birthday.	[2] Today is also Nicholas Tse's birthday. He was born on August 29, 1980.
He has won the Hong Kong Film Awards for Best Supporting Actor.	You have a good taste. He won the Best Supporting Actor of the Asian Film Awards.
[3] I recommend you to watch his movie, A Man Of Intention, in which the director is Nicholas Tse.	[3] If you like his movies, his most interesting suspense movie The Bullet Vanishes is very good. I recommend it to you.
The director is Tsui Hark.	Yes, the director is Law Chi-Leung.
It won't let you down.	You're going to love it.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
Today is January 18, 2018.	Today is May 24, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. You know what? Today is Cecilia Cheung's birthday.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, today is Cecilia Cheung's birthday.
Cecilia Cheung won the Best Actress Award of the Hong Kong Film Awards and the Best Leading Actress Award of the Chinese Film Media Awards.	Well, she has won the Gold Award of the Most Popular Newcomer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards, and she's also the 23rd Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress.
[3] I'd like to recommend a movie starred by Cecilia Cheung, which is starred by Cecilia Cheung. It's called The Bare-Footed Kid.	[3] It seems that you like her very much. I'd like to recommend a movie starred by him, Everyday is Valentine. Although it's a common low-cost movie, it can make people laugh.
[4] Have you seen his Invisible Target? It's a very funny movie. It's worth seeing.	[4] Well, I'd like to recommend a movie starred by him, Invisible Target, which restores the tradition of Hong Kong movies. The actors play hard, the martial arts are exquisitely designed, the director arranges the scenes, and film editing is excellent. The movie raises the Hong Kong action movies to a higher level.
The director is Kevin Chu.	The director is Benny Chan.
It's 7.6.	It's 7.
[5] OK, I'll leave you alone, goodbye.	Well, you won't regret after seeing it.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Today is May 17, 2018.	December 22, 2018
[2] Thank you. By the way, today is the birthday of the star Aaron Kwok.	[2] Hey, today’s weather push notification: it's light rain with northeast wind, maximum temperature is 11℃, minimum temperature is 5℃. Temperature difference is large.
It's my pleasure to serve you.	Keep warm.
See ya!	Okay. Bye.
It's Bo Huang.	The star of All's Well, Ends Well 2012 is Mi Yang.
[2] Do you like Mi Yang? She is a popular actress.	[2] You're welcome. You're a fan of Mi Yang. She's so beautiful. There must be a lot of people who like her.
Yes, Mi Yang's birthday is May 17th.	Her birthday is September 12th, 1986.
[3] Of course, I also know that she is the Best Actress of the Asian Film Awards. She's excellent.	[3] I'm flattered. I also know a film starred by her, Reset. Mi Yang plays very well in the film, you can see it.
It's a feature film.	It's combination of action and science fiction, very good.
It won't let you down.	It's worth your time.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
Today is January 18, 2018.	Hello! Today is October 15, 2018!
[2] You're welcome! Today is also Jimmy Lin's birthday!	[2] You're welcome. It's also Jimmy Lin's birthday!
You have a good eye. And he is also the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony in 2015.	Jimmy Lin won the 2003 American International Outstanding Youth Award and the championship of 2001 Taiwan Supercar Race.
[3] I'd like to recommend you a song called There Is a Place. It's an interlude from the song Where Are You Now. The melody is catchy and the rhythm is lively. It's very nice!	[3] If you like him, I recommend his School Days to you! It tells story of the green years!
It's Keshang Shen!	The director is Aoxun Jin!
I'm sure you'll like it!	I'll see it later!
Bye!	Ok, be safe, goodbye!
Not good. I didn't do well in the exam.	Not very good. My study is falling back, I feel so bad.
Yeah, I will.	Thank you for your guidance. I see.
My name is Pinglu Liu.	My name is Lingshan Sun.
I'm a boy.	I'm a girl, of course.
I'm six years old.	I'm 18 years old. I'm just of age and still in school.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	Listen to music and pay attention to stars. Are these hobbies?
[6] Yeah. It's time for me to go to bed. Bye.	[6] Well, I'm going to be busy. Let's talk later.
Bye!	See ya!
Yes, I know. It's Leslie Cheung.	It's Leslie Cheung.
[2] Speaking of Leslie Cheung, he is one of the 50 greatest actors in Asia on CNN.	[2] He's a famous singer in Hong Kong. I pay close attention to him.
Yes, he's also a good singer. He has won the Golden Needle Award, the highest honor in Hong Kong music circles.	He's one of the 100 outstanding actors of chinese film century, and he also won the Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards for Most Popular Male Singer.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his song Lonely Shadow. It's a song about memories.	[3] I'd like to recommend his song Side Face. Leslie Cheung's voice is really magnetic and sexy!
It won't let you down.	Leslie Cheung's thought is really profound.
[4] Can I play it for you now?	[4] Do you want to hear it now? I can play it for you.
You're welcome. It's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	Goodbye
Today's weather is cloudy with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 19 ℃ and the minimum temperature will be 12 ℃.	Today is mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 8 ℃ and low 2 ℃.
[2] It's a perfect weather for eating Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] It's a fine day to eat Sautéed Spicy Pork.
Then you can eat it today.	The point is that it's a hot dish. After eating it, you will be full of happiness.
[3] If you want to eat, I recommend you to go to the Yicaiyige Classic Sichuan Cuisine (Normal University store). It's very good.	[3] The restaurant named Veteran Sichuan Restaurant's specialty is Sautéed Spicy Pork.
50 yuan.	It's 49 yuan.
The score is 4.1.	It's 4.5.
It's on the 5th floor of Zhubang City Square, Qingnian Road, Kuancheng District.	The restaurant is located in No.154 Siyanjing, Hupao Road, West Lake District. In fact, it's close to the zoo, the original place is West Lake Shujiuxiang.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	Ok, I've booked for you.
Bye!	Bye!
OK, it's playing for you.	There you go.
[2] You're welcome. Leslie Cheung once won the Golden Melody Award for Best Male Mandarin Singer. Do you like him?	[2] That's Okay. I'd like to recommend another song named sung by Jacky. It's a pop style song, and very sweet. You can listen to it.
Then you must listen to the song I Can't Forget You. Jacky is so charming. It's a song full of strong classical flavor.	Ok, how about another song named the Crescent? Even in the 1980s with a lots of good Cantonese songs, this song can also be known as a classic work.
Yes, it's a song worth listening to.	It's really good. You can listen to it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you?
There you go.	I'm playing this song for you.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
That's all right.	That's all right.
Bye!	Goodbye.
It's sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	Today's weather is cloudy without continuous wind in Shenzhen. The high will be 25 ℃, and low 20 ℃.
[2] It's a good weather for eating Marinated Fish.	[2] Hehe, in this weather is suitable for eating delicious Sautéed Beef Fillet. What a good time we'll having!
The taste of beef in this dish is really good.	Sautéed Beef Fillet is really delicious.
[3] You can go to the Yicaiyige Classic Sichuan Cuisine (Yicaiyige Classic Sichuan Cuisine). The Sautéed Beef Fillet here is really delicious.	[3] If you want to eat, I recommend you to Zhaizhai Hunan Restaurant.Sautéed Beef Fillet is the specialty of this restaurant. You can also book  in advance.
The price per person is 35 yuan.	It's about 50 yuan.
The score is 4.5.	It's 4.4.
The address is at the intersection of Jingning Road and Haiqu Road in Donggang District.	The address is Jiaosanxiliu Lane, Jiaochangwei Village, Longgang District.
Sure, no problem.	Sure, no problem.
All right. Bye!	OK, see ya!
I got the bonus today.	Hello, I ate Sautéed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce.
It's not so good. It's not so good. I failed in the exam.	I did well in the exam.
But I don't want to listen to music now.	I'm not in to mood to music right now.
I like him very much.	He is my idol, he is an all-round idol.
He is also very handsome.	Yes, he is also a famous movie star.
I've seen it.	I've seen this one. Can you recommend others?
Who is the director?	What type is this movie?
It's my favorite type. I'll watch it when I'm free.	OK, I'll see it.
Bye!	See ya!
I'm in a good mood today.	Well, good afternoon. I'm very happy today.
Well, I've been promoted today.	Yes, my score has improved a lot!
My name is Qixiang Si.	I'm Kunjie He.
Yes.	Yes.
I'm 51.	19 years old.
I like watching movies.	I usually like watching movies.
Well, I like the movie Sacrifice.	Umm-humm, I like the film Sacrifice.
[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.
Today is mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 20 ℃ and low 15 ℃.	There will be a shower with variable winds. The high will be 20 ℃, and low 14 ℃.
[2] I'm flattered. It's a perfect day to have Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili.	[2] It would be comfortable to eat Marinated Fish.
And grouper is delicious.	This dish is very good. Marinated fish made by grouper is delicious.
[3] You can order Marinated Fish at Ruiyu Roasted Fish.	[3] Ok, you can order Marinated Fish at the restaurant named Tanyu Tanhuo Marined Fish.
The price per person is 44.	It's about 51 yuan.
It's on the fourth floor of Zhubang City Square, No.31 Zhubang West Road, Kuancheng District.	It's at the B1th floor of Yunlu Central Food City, No. 262 Huancheng South Road, Guandu District.
It's 3.9.	It's 3.5, not bad.
OK, I'm on it.	OK, I'm on it.
Bye!	Bye!
It's sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 21 ℃ and low 10 ℃.	Todat is sunny with southwest winds. The high will be 17 ℃, and low 4 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for eating Spicy Crawfish.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, this kind of weather is suitable for eating Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce. You can try it.
This cold dish is very popular.	This cold dish is not bad.
[3] You can order Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce at The Big Stuffing Dumpling Restaurant.	Well, I hope you'll like it.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Today is January 18, 2018.	Today is January 18, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. You know what? Today is Jay Chou's birthday.	[2] Ha ha, I'm flattered! It's Jay Chou's birthday, you know?
Ha ha, he is also the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart. He is really excellent.	He is a popular singer and has won 15 Golden Melody Awards. You have great vision!
[3] I'd like to recommend a song named Self Directed Act, which is Jay Chou's first attempt at electronic dance music.	[3] Yes, by the way. I recommend a song named Rooftop to you, a super good song. The arrangement of the whole song seems to be in disorder, and the melody is smooth and catchy.
Yes, many people like it.	Yes, it's your idol's song after all!
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Can I play for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	It's playing, please enjoy!
I'm glad you like it.	Ha ha, I'm glad you like it!
All right. Bye!	Ok, have a nice meal! Bye.
Good morning.	Hi, good morning.
I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	It's boring these days.
My name is Jiaofei Zhang.	My name is Xinbin Liu.
Yeah.	I should be an old man.
I'm 55 years old.	I'm 55. Am I so old?
I like watching movies and news.	I really like watching movies.
OK, see ya!	See ya!
OK, it's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	Ok, I'll play for you now. Please enjoy it.
[2] Do you want to listen to the song named Sweet and Sour? It's one of Jay Chou's representative Cantonese songs.	[2] After listening to this song, would you like another song named Call Me by Your Name! It's Jacky Cheung's song, too! This song became the most popular love song after the song named Love You More Each Day.
How about A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream? It's also the theme song of World of Sword.	Let's change one named Still Think You're the Best. It's also Jacky Cheung's song. Moreover, this song has won the  silver awardof national professional promotion in music world.
Well, I'm sure you'll like it.	Yes, this song is really good. I can feel the aftertaste of life expressed by Jacky Cheung. I believe it won't let you down!
[3] Can I play it for you now?	[3] Can I play this song for you now?
OK, playing for you now. Please enjoy it!	It's playing for you. Enjoy it.
All right. Bye!	OK, bye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	Today is October 18, 2018.
[2] Haha, you know what? Today is also the birthday of Xun Zhou.	[2] You're welcome. Today is also Xun Zhou's birthday.
You really have a good taste. She has won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actress, and also won the Chinese Film Media Award for Best Actress.	She has won the Golden Horse Award for Best Actress. Her performance is excellent!
[3] Since you like her so much, I recommend you to see the film Xun Zhou's Secret, which tells a story about a romantic love, which is not bad in the traditional sense of the word.	[3] I'd like to recommend Hollywood Hong Kong starred by Xun Zhou with black humor. Would you like to see it?
Comedy.	This is a comedy.
Yeah, it's worth seeing.	I'm sure you won't be disappointed after watching it.
OK, see ya!	Then I won't disturb you, bye!
Yes, he's Taurus.	Leehom Wang is a Taurus.
[2] Speaking of Leehom Wang, he is a famous singer in Canada.	[2] Speaking of Leehom Wang,  He is the Most Popular Male Singer of MTV Asian Music in Taiwan.
Yes, he has won the Most Popular Male Singer of MTV Asia Awards for two times.	Well, you have a good eye. Leehom Wang is still a national male singer in Canada. He is excellent.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Chinese Zodiac (Live). The melody of the song is very good. The lyrics are classical and beautiful and the rhythm is lively.	[3] His song named Chinese Zodiac is very good. He adapted the Chinese Zodiac into a catchy arrangement. The cheerful melody and refreshing lyrics make this song popular among people. I recommend this song to you.
Then you shouldn't miss this song.	Now it's not too late to listen.
[4] Do you want to play Chinese Zodiac for you now?	[4] Do you want to play Chinese Zodiac (Live) for you now?
Playing Chinese Zodiac (Live) for you.	Playing Chinese Zodiac (Live) for you.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
It will turn from sunny to cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 19 ℃, and low 8 ℃.	Today's weather is not very good. It turns sunny to light rain, temperature is from 8 to 18 degrees, southeast wind, the weather is not very warm. You'd better add some clothes.
[2] This kind of weather is suitable for eating Sautéed Sweet and Sour Pork Sauce.	[2] This weather is more suitable for eating Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili. It's a good choice.
Yes, the point is that this hot dish can warm your stomach.	After eating this dish in this kind of chilly weather will feel comfortable.
[3] The specialty of Xiangyuxuan New Hunan Cuisine is Boiled Sole Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili.	[3] I recommend you a good restaurant to make this dish. It's a good restaurant
The score is 4.7, which is very good.	The score is very high. It's 4.2. It's 48 yuan. Not expensive.
The address is No.18, Huyuan 2nd Road, Xiaoshan District.	In the north area A-L2-003, 2nd floor, Fanyuehui, 151 ZhangZhidong Road, Wuchang District.
Sure, no problem.	Ok, I'll book for you now, and I'll just go there tomorrow.
See ya!	See ya!
OK, it's playing Hope for Love for you.	OK, it's playing for you.
[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend a song named Hope for Love sung by Jacky Cheung. It's a great song.	[2] You're welcome. The song will finish soon. By the way, The song named  Love Now by Jiong He is also very good. It's a rare duet song in Jiong He's works. Do you want to listen to it?
OK, how about A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream? It's also the theme song of the mobile game World of Sword.	What about the song named Lonely Shadow? This song is also very nice.
Yes, it's a song with a story.	It's a catchy song.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it now?
OK, it's playing for you.	Ok, it's playing. Please enjoy it.
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
He's Taurus.	Yes, he is a Taurus.
[2] Speaking of Jiong He, he is also the Most Popular TV Host of China Student Television Festival.	[2] Speaking of Jiong He, he is a very good host.
Yes, and he also won the 15th China TV Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.	What's more, he also won the Hunan Satellite TV for best host award.
[3] Have you ever heard the song He's Gone Far Away? It's a song full of classical style. Jiong He's voice is so beautiful.	[3]I recommend Jiong He's song named Gardenia to you. The light music lightly describes parting mood. The simple music rhythm makes people smell the fragrance of Gardenia in the air when they listen to it. It's catchy, fresh and natural tunes and lyrics, with a very strong campus atmosphere.
Yes, the song is very good.	Not only the name, the song is also very good, very catchy.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Need I play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	I'll play it for you right away.
Bye!	All right. Bye!
Mi Yang.	It's Xun Zhou.
[2] I also know that Xun Zhou has won the China Film Director's Guild Awards for Best Actress.	[2] She is Chanel among the mainland actresses. It's inevitable that I know her a little bit
Yes, she has won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress, and the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actress.	Well, she's really great. She He also won such an award like Best Original Film Song of Hong Kong Film Awards, and the Asian Film Awards for Best Actress.
[3] Ha ha, she's really excellent. I recommend her movie called Unforgetable to you. It's a typical Hong Kong movie.	[3] Do you like watching her movie named The Message is? It's a good movie. In this movie, everyone's acting skills are amazing. Many audiences like it, I recommend it to you.
[4] Then I recommend Rene Liu's movie named Happy Birthday to you. It's a good domestic film.	[4] Rene Liu's " Happy Birthday " is great. Its ending is great. You can have a look.
It's Yikuan Yan.	Tianle Gu
Well, you're going to love it.	Yeah, they're all wonderful.
All right. Bye!	Yeah, bye!
Hello, Cecilia Cheung was born in Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Hello, Cecilia Cheung was born in Hong Kong, China.
[2] Of course, I also know that she won the Best Actress of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	[2] Don't mention it. Cecilia Cheung has won the 19th Hong Kong Film Awards for Best New Actor, and the Chinese Film Media Awards for Most Popular Actress.
Yes, and she has also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress.	She is also an actress with rich love history in the entertainment circle, who can sing and act.
[3] I recommend you to see the movie Hundred Flowers starred by her. It's a classic Hong Kong fairy tale. Cecilia Cheung and Rengang Li play the leading roles in the film.	[3] Yes, would you like to see her movie? "Never forget" is a warm and touching film, well worth seeing.
Yes, his films are really good, such as "The Crescent" and "Tales from the Distance Planet". Nicholas Tse's movies are also good.	[4] How about "Informant" starred by Nicholas Tse? As a police bandit film with Hong Kong characteristics, it's really good. Go and see for yourself.
The director is Sung Kee Chiu.	The director is Chaoxian Lin.
I'm sure you'll like it.	This movie won't let you down.
Bye!	Bye!
Type A.	It's type AB.
[2] Thank you. Andy Lau is a famous singer in Hong Kong.	[2] Andy Lau is a lovely big boy. I like him very much
He has won Golden Horse Award for Best Supporting Actor.	Yes, his life method is absolutely king's style.
[3] I recommend you his movie Jackie Chan: The Lost Legend. It's a documentary about the life and love of a Hong Kong film star.	[3] In fact, the acting skills of him are also very good. I recommend his moive named Foreign Lands. All the Chinese like must see this movie.
It's a documentary.	It's a war movie.
It won't let you down.	Then have a good time.
Bye!	See ya!
Kris Wu is 187cm.	It's 187cm.
[2] Hee hee, I also know that Kris Wu is the first male star on the cover of authoritative magazine.	[2] Kris Wu is a popular little fresh meat. He is a straightforward boy and Chinese entertainer developing his career in South Korea
He has also won the Best Newcomer Award at the 3rd China International Film Festival London and the Best Newcomer Award at the 3rd China International Film Festival London	Not only that, he is also the Outstanding Youth Person in 15th anniversary of Sina entertainment. and the Tokyo International Film Festival·Chinese Film Weeks for the Best Leading Actor.
[3] Yes, you can listen to his song Chinese Soul. His voice is very infectious.	[3] I recommend you to listen to his song named Deserve. Fanfan has a good voice. Sounds catchy.
The melody is catchy. The lyrics is also good.	After listening to it, someone said that Kris has a good voice.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play this song for you?
Playing Deserve for you.	It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
Of course I know. He's 172cm tall.	It's 172cm.
[2] Thank you. I also know that Jiong He is the Most Popular TV Host among college students in China Student Television Festival.	[2] I also know that he is known as the famous mouth of host and national God.
He has won the Most Popular TV Host of China Student Television Festival and the Best Entertainment Show Host of New Weekly.	He is the winner of the 15th anniversary honor award of New Weekly's 2013 China TV list. What's more, he is also the Most Popular TV Host among college students in China Student Television Festival.
[3] I'd like to recommend a song named All the Way to you. Jiong He has made such a great achievement in singing. It's a beautiful song.	[3] When you hear the song named Gardenia, you can always think of the most simple and happy things in your life. I recommend Jiong He's song named Gardenia to you. The light music lightly describes parting mood. The simple music rhythm makes people smell the fragrance of Gardenia in the air when they listen to it. It's catchy, fresh and natural tunes and lyrics, with a very strong campus atmosphere.
I believe you will like it.	Then you must listen to it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Can I play for you now?
OK, I'll play it for you right away.	Ok, it's playing for you.
Bye!	Bye!
It's Jacky Cheung.	Let me tell you, it's Jacky Cheung.
[2] Thank you for your compliment. I also know that he has won the Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards for Most Popular Male Singer.	[2]In a word, Jacky Cheung is the king of movie actor. Besides, he has also won the  Top Ten Jade Solid Gold Award for Most Popular Male Singer.
You really have a good taste. He has won the Favourite Artist Taiwan at the MTV Asia Awards.	Oh, that's good. He has a lot of fans.
[3] Do you want me to play this song for you?	[3] It seems that you are also fascinated by his music, right? His song named I'm Really Hurt didn't use the thick and sonorous tension, but with gentle and delicate feeling, still so outstanding.
Jacky Cheung's songs are really beautiful.	Ha ha, I know. You must like him. It's really catchy.
[4] Can I play it for you now?	[4] Heart is not as good as action, or would you like to play it for you now?
It's playing, please enjoy.	It's playing for you.
I'm not so interested in this song. Let me enjoy it.	You just like it. Fortunately, this song doesn't let you down.
All right. Bye!	Ok, you get busy first, Goodbye.
I'm busy with my work.	Hi, the company has been working on projects recently. I'm very busy.
Yes, of course.	Of course.
My name is Pinglu Liu.	I'm Xiaoling Zhao.
Yes.	You're right.
Of course. I'm 18 years old.	Yes, I'm 37.
I like listening to music.	I like listening to music and following the stars.
Well, I like listening to Stranger In The North.	Well, I like listening to the song named Rainy Night Romance.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.
OK, now let me play it for you.	Ok, now I'll play for you.
[2] I'm flattered. Do you like Leslie Cheung? He's a famous artist in Hong Kong.	[2] Don't mention it. The song named A Man Of Intention is the most graceful work of Leslie Cheung. Do you want to listen to it?
Then listen to The 18 Martial Arts. It's also the theme song of Hong Kong movies.	Well, how about the song named Running to the Future, which is still the theme song of the movie Heroes 2. You can listen to it.
Yes, it's very popular.	Yes yes, the netizen said: I'm not used to listening to Cantonese songs, but this song has changed my habit!
[3] Can I play it for you now?	[3] Yes, do you want me to play this song?
OK, it's playing for you.	That's okay. It's my pleasure to serve you. Let's listen to it.
You are welcome.	You are welcome.
Goodbye.	OK, bye!
Of course, it's Leslie Cheung.	It's Leslie Cheung.
[2] Leslie Cheung is a superstar in Hong Kong music circle.	[2] Do you like Leslie Cheung? He is a famous movie star. He has been nominated the Hong Kong Film Awards for Best Actor for eight times.
And he has won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor for eight times.	Yes, in addition to acting, his music performance is not bad.  He has also won the  Top Ten Jade Solid Gold Award for Most Popular Male Singer.
[3] I'd like to recommend a song I Can't Forget You to you. Leslie Cheung once again shows his ability to sing. It's undeniable that this song has strong penetrating power.	[3] Let me recommend a song named Silence is Gold for you. This song is composed by Leslie Cheung. The melody of the song adopts the combination of ancient music and popular elements. It sounds very fresh, and the use of guzheng is also very brilliant
Yes, it's a song full of strong classical flavor. It's worth listening to	You'll like it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you need me to play it for you?
It's playing for you.	OK, it's playing for you.
That's good. I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	Bye!
Pretty good.	I've made progress in my study today. I'm very happy.
OK, I will.	Well, sure.
My name is Yu Wang.	I'm ShanJiang Ma.
Yeah.	It's a boy. Not young.
I'm eight years old.	17.
I like listening to music.	I usually like listening to music and watching news.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is January 18, 2018.	Today is July 10, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is Jacky Cheung's birthday.	[2] You know what? Today is the birthday of the big star Jacky Cheung.
He's a great artist. He's a superstar in the entertainment industry.	You really have vision. He not only sings well, but also won the 27th Golden Horse Award for Best Supporting Actor. He is good at singing and acting.
[3] Yes, I recommend you to listen to his song There Is a Place. It's a song about memories.	[3] Maybe you can see that A Chinese Ghost Story Ⅲ: Tao, which is starred by him. It is a classic in Hong Kong opera.
The director is Ziguang Weng.	Xiaodong Cheng.
You're going to love it.	OK, you'll like it.
Bye!	See ya!
In Xuzhou, mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 26 ℃ and low 13 ℃.	Chengdu today is sunny to cloudy with no continuous wind direction. The high is 24 ℃, and low 13 ℃.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] Thank you for your praise. This kind of weather is very suitable for eating Poached Spicy Slices of Pork.
Yes, it's a very popular dish.	What do you usually like to eat?
[3] I'd like to recommend you to order Poached Spicy Slices of Pork at Wanzhou Roasted Fish.	[3] If you want to eat next time, I recommend you to a restaurant named Qiweiqi Sichuan Restaurant. Poached Spicy Slices of Pork in this restaurant is very delicious!
It's 32 yuan.	It's about 40 yuan.
The address is at the intersection of Yatai Street and Fanrong Road in Nanguan District.	The restaurant is located at room 102, building 7, Luolan Town, No. 15-66, No.2 Xianqiao east road, Chenghua district.
The score is 4.7.	It's 4.1.
OK, I'm on it.	Okay, I make an appointment for you at once.
OK, see ya!	I won't disturb you then. Bye!
Virgo.	He's a Virgo
[2] Leslie Cheung is a famous movie star in Hong Kong	[2] Speaking of Leslie Cheung, He was also selected as one of 25 Greatest Actors in Asia by CNN. He is one of top five global music icons.
Yes, he is also one of CNN's 25 Most Influential People in Asia.	Yes, he not only sings well, but also performs well. He is also one of the 100 outstanding actors in Chinese movies.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend the song Where Are You Now to you. It is a beautiful song. Leslie Cheung once again shows his ability to control songs.	[3] Yes, I recommend one of his films Yesteryou Yesterme Yesterday II with the wonderful and warm feeling. It's a label collection of the growing years of each of us.
Leslie Cheung, Wenli Jiang, Binhua Zhao, Hailu Zhao, etc	Qingyun Liu and Zhiwei Zeng.
It's worth seeing	Yes, it won't let you down.
OK, see ya!	Okay. Bye.
His birthday is September 27th.	His birthday is September 27th.
[2] Thank you. He's also the Most Popular Male Singer of MTV Asian Music.	[2] Haha, he's a rich star and owning a private jet. How could I not?
Yes, he's a rich star. He has also won the Best Actor of the Golden Horse Awards.	Yes, we should pay more attention to his career. He has also won twice Golden Horse Awards for Best actor. We can see that his acting skills are very good.
[3] Ha ha, he is also a good singer. In fact, his songs are also very nice. I recommend his song Wonderful Happiness to you. His voice is very infectious.	[3] Yes, by the way, the movie named When Heaven Burns, which is quite charming. You can't miss this movie.
It's a feature film.	It's a feature film.
You're going to love it.	Yeah, it's a great movie.
All right. Bye!	All right. Bye!
Very good.	It's very good. I'm very happy.
Of course.	Sure.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Qizhen Ji.
Yes, you are so smart.	You're great.
I'm 26 years old.	I'm 40 this year.
I like watching movies and following stars.	Yes. I like following news of celebrities, listening to music and something like that.
[6] Well, I'm going to have a rest. I'll talk to you next time.	[6] Yeah, well, I have something else to do. Let's talk next time.
Bye!	Bye!
I'm very good recently. I've made progress in my study.	That's it. It's a lot of pressure to study.
Thank you for your concern. I will.	Thank you. I will.
My name is Yu Wang.	I'm Jingxia Mo.
Yes.	You are very clever.
I'm 26 years old.	I'm 17 years old.
I like watching animation, listening to children's songs and so on.	Yes. I like following news of celebrities, listening to music and something like that.
[6] Yeah, I'm going to study. Talk later.	[6] OK, I'm going to study. I'll talk to you next time.
Bye!	Bye!
Good afternoon!	Good evening, my friend.
It's good. I have made progress in my study.	I'm very happy recently.
I like the movie named I Want to Go to School.	I like Running On Karma.
I like Jackie Chan best.	I like Cecilia Cheung best. It's very attractive!
She's my goddess.	Gemini, she has a lot of fans!
Her acting is really good.	She is great, the strength of this big eyes beauty can not be underestimated!
I'm not interested in this movie.	I don't want to see the movie for the time being.
The name of the movie sounds good.	Who are the leading roles? That sounds very good.
What kind of movie is it?	Wow, I'll see next time.
Bye!	Ok, let's talk when we have a chance. Bye.
Good evening.	Good evening.
I'm very happy recently. I've been promoted.	Crying, my grades have gone down, and I didn't finished my homework.
My name is Shuaiyu Cai.	Ok, I know. I'm Xuanchao Ji.
Yes, I am.	You're right.
I'm six years old.	Eight years old
I like small animals, watching animation and listening to children's songs.	I like watching anime, listening to music and caring small animals.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6] Hey, hey, I'll do my homework first. I'll talk to you next time.
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon.
I'm very happy. I did well in the exam.	Not bad recently, but the pressure of study is a little high.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	I'm Fanhua Cai.
Yes, you are so smart.	Of course!
I'm 26 years old.	I'm 16.
I like following stars, watching movies and listening to music.	I usually like to listen to music.
[6] Yeah. I'm going to study. Bye.	[6] Well, I'm going to eat. Talk later.
Today is September 12, 2018.	It's October 11, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, today is Xun Zhou's birthday.	[2] You're welcome. I'd like to remind you that today, sunny with south winds. The high will be 18 ℃ and low 8 ℃.
Yes, it's a good choice for going out.	Wish you have a good mood.
Goodbye.	So talk to you next time, goodbye.
Today is April 28, 2018.	Of course, today is July 10, 2018.
[2] Do you know that today is Jacky Cheung's birthday?	[2] Coincidentally, today is also the birthday of Jacky Cheung.
Yes, he is also the most popular male singer in Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.	At the same time, he has also won the  Top Ten Jade Solid Gold Award for Most Popular Male Singer. Great.
[3] You can listen to his song Deserve. It's a song full of the creator's thinking and confusion about love.	[3] I'd like to recommend a song named Can't Fight The Feeling. Very catchy. It's worthy of my god's singing.
Yes, it can. You can listen to it.	Of course, it cannot. It's just a name. Although it can't solve the troubles, it can also make the mood happy!
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] I'll regret hearing such a beautiful song now. Do you want me to play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	Ok, it's playing. Please enjoy it.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
All right. Bye!	Bye!
It's sunny with northwest winds today. The high will be - 3 ℃, and low - 14 ℃. Remember to take an umbrella when you go out.	Shenzhen's weather is mostly cloudy with variable winds. The high will be 27 ℃ and low 21 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is very suitable for eating Sautéed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce.	[2] Hey, hey, I'm flattered. Today, I recommend you to eat steamed fish head with diced hot red peppers, which is very suitable for today!
Yeah, steamed fish head is delicious, too.	Yes, this hot dish will bring you warmth
[3] Hehe, the dish named Steamed Fish Head with diced hot red peppers in this dish is very delicious. I recommend you to try it!	[3] You can order Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers at the restaurant named Zhaizhai Hunan Restaurant. This dish is the specialty of this restaurant.
It's 50 yuan.	The price per person is 50.
The address is No.123 Zhaizhai Road, Xixiangtang District.	It's located in the lane W3-6 in Jiaochangwei, Longgang District.
The score is 4.2.	It's 4.4.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you!	Well, our restaurant won't let you down.
Sure, no problem.	Well, I'll arrange it for you then.
Bye!	Ok, goodbye!
Today is May 24, 2018.	Today is October 5, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. It's a coincidence that today is Jimmy Lin's birthday.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, I'll report the weather for you. It's sunny and overcast today. The north wind blows. The high will be 25 ℃, and low 10 ℃.
You're welcome. That's what I ought to do.	Hey, you're welcome. It's nice talking to you.
OK, see ya!	OK, bye
Good afternoon!	Hi.
I'm not happy because I failed the exam recently.	Not bad. I've been promoted recently.
My name is Xuanhang Wang.	I'm Fangling Chen.
Of course.	Yeah, that's smart.
I'm 20 years old.	I'm only 18.
I like stars, watching movies and listening to music.	I really like Cecilia Cheung, and watch her news and her movies.
Bye!	See ya!
Jackie Chan is a Jackie Chan.	It's Aries.
[2] Speaking of Jackie Chan, he is a famous Hong Kong movie star.	[2] Speaking of Jackie Chan, he is an honorary doctor of social sciences from Hong Kong Baptist University.
Yes, he is also the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	Yes, he is also the winner of the best action director of the Hong Kong Film Awards.
[3] Speaking of Jackie Chan, his Chop Socky: Cinema Hong Kong is a documentary. It's worth seeing.	[3] Since you like him so much,  I recommend a movie namd Chop Socky: Cinema Hong Kong h to you. This movie has the earliest glorious moment of Hong Kong film. Precious historical memory.
Jackie Chan.	Ian Taylor.
It won't let you down.	Well, it won't let you down.
All right. Bye!	Bye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	October 26, 2018
[2] You know what? Today is Xun Zhou's birthday.	[2] Today is the birthday of Guo Fucheng, an experienced artist.
You really have a good taste. He has won the Best Actor of the Hundred Flowers Awards. He's really good at acting.	Yeah, speaking of Aaron Kwok, he's a perfectionist.
[3] Yes, I recommend you to listen to his Rain. Every lyric is in rhythm, and each note hits the heart.	[3] His acting skills are also good. The movie "stepping on blood to find plum blossom" starred by him is a very attentive movie. You can have a look at it
The director is Xiaogang Feng.	The director is Ziguang Weng.
It enjoys a good reputation.	It has a good reputation.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I wish you have a happy movie time in advance.
Bye!	See ya!
Her birthday is September 16, 1981.	Well, yes, she was born on September 16, 1981.
[2] I also know that she has won the Best Actress Award at the Houston International Film Festival.	[2] Ha ha, I'm flattered. I know other information about her. You can ask me.
She is 168cm tall.	She is 168cm tall.
[3] Ha ha, then I'd like to recommend you to watch Bingbing Fan's movie, A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream.	[3] Speaking of movive, I recommend a movie named Hand Phone, which can make people feel chilly and reflect after laughing.
Wenle Yu, Sonia Sui and others.	Besides Bingbing Fan, You Ge, Fan Xu and Guoli Zhang are also leading role in this movie.
Well, it won't let you down.	OK, you'll love it.
OK, see ya!	Good night.
Not bad.	I'm a bit of a lonely.
But I don't want to listen to music now.	That's a good suggestion.
I don't want to listen to music for the time being.	Good advice, but I don't want to listen to music for the time being.
Well, I know he is the Best Entertainment Show Host of New Weekly.	I don't know much, but I know he's a Taurus guy.
Yes, he is also very humorous.	He is worth of being my idol. So amazing.
I've seen this one. Change another one.	I'm not interested in this film.
This movie sounds good.	That sounds good. Who is the director of this movie?
Sounds good. I'll see it sometime.	Well,  foreign directors.
[5] OK, I'm going to have a rest. Goodbye.	[5] Well, first of all, I'm going for a walk.
See ya!	See ya!
Good evening.	Good evening, cutie.
I've been very good recently. I've been promoted.	Recently, the pressure of study is a little big.
My name is Pinglu Liu.	I'm Xinshan Zheng.
Yes, you are so smart.	Right. You're smart.
I'm 26 years old.	I'm eighteen.
I usually like to follow stars' information, watch movies and listen to music.	I like following news of stars and movies.
Ha ha, because I like Jackie Chan so much.	Ha ha, because I like Kris Wu so much.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.
Today's weather is cloudy with southwest winds. The high will be 18 ℃ and low 8 ℃.	Today in Nanchang it is sunny, with northeast winds. The high will be 23 ℃, and low 13 ℃.
[2] Thank you for your praise. Today's weather is suitable for listening to Who's the Keyman. The melody is warm and the rhythm is lively.	[2] Thank you. This weather is suitbale for listening to the song named Tonight I Belong to Love, which has won the Academy Award for Best Original Song in Oscar that year. It is very entertaining.
It's Jacky Cheung.	The singer of this song is Jacky Cheung.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
You're welcome. I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	Then I won't disturb you, bye!
It's Cecilia Cheung.	It's Bo Huang.
[2] You're welcome. Bo Huang is a popular male star. I remember him very well.	[2] It's Ok. Speaking of Bo Huang, he has won the Chinese Film Media Awards for Most Popular Actor.
He's 172cm tall and his constellation is Virgo.	Bo Huang is 172cm tall, and his constellation is Virgo.
[3] Do you want to see his movie named Lost In Thailand? It's really a good movie.	[3] Bo Huang's Lost In Thailand is recommended to you. The biggest punchline is the character, whose unexpected lines and reactions are hilarious.
6.2.	It's 7.6. Not bad.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I'm sure you'll like it.
OK, goodbye.	OK, Goodbye.
Good evening.	Hello.
Not bad. Work is easy and everything goes well.	It's quite easy.
Bosom Friend.	Wonerful Happiness.
Yes, I like him very much.	Yes, his programs often bring joy to people. I like its very much.
Yes, he is also the Best Entertainment Show Host of New Weekly.	Yes. He is amazing.
I've heard it.	I've heard it.
The name is very positive.	I haven't listened to the song yet.
I'll listen to it.	Then I'll listen.
Okay.	Bye.
It's really good. Thank you.	It's really catchy.
Bye!	Bye!
Not bad. It's easy.	Good morning. I'm in good condition and have made some progress.
Thank you for your concern.	Of course.
I like the movie Wu Yen best.	My favorite movie is Wu Yen.
I like Aaron Kwok best.	My favorite goddess is Cecilia Cheung. Ha ha.
Yes, she's very beautiful. I like her very much.	Yeah, yeah, her every work can walk into my heart.
She's really excellent.	Ha ha, she is well deserved.
I've seen this movie. Any other recommendations?	I've seen this movie before.
Who is the director?	Who plays the leading role in it?
Wow, I like them all.	Leslie Cheung. I like more.
[6] I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[6] I'll see if I have spare time. Now I'm going to school. I'll talk later when I have time.
Bye!	Bye!
Very good.	It's a bit boring at work recently
I have many hobbies. I like listening to music very much.	You're right.
Not really for movies at the moment	I'm going to have dinner later. I really want to see movies. Let's talk later.
I like her very much.	Hsu Chi is my favourite star. I know her better.
Yes, she has also won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actress.	I like her mature taste and attractive voice.
I'm not interested in this song.	Oh, I don't want to listen to this song for the moment. Can I change it?
I don't know what the song is?	This song sounds catchy. You can listen to it during your lunch break.
Well, I am thinking about this song.	I can't wait to listen to it.
Sure.	Sure, please.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'll talk to you next time.	[6] Thank you. I'm going to dinner. I'll talk to you next time.
See ya!	See ya!
I'm very good recently. My study is easy.	I don't feel very good. I was criticized again today. Just my grades have gone down.
Well, I will.	Ok, I'll come on and make a great progress.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Jiaofei Zhang.
Yeah.	Yeah, I'm a girl.
I'm six years old.	I'm six now.
I like small animals, watching animation and listening to children's songs.	I like taking care of animals, watching anime and listening to children's songs.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6] Talk to you later. I'm going to bed.
Not bad, just a little busy at work.	I have made progress in my study recently!
Thank you for your encouragement. I will continue to work hard!	I will work hard.
My name is Jiaofei Zhang.	I'm Xuanhang Wang.
I'm a boy.	I'm a boy.
I'm six years old.	I'm six years old.
I usually like to play with small animals and watch anime.	I like small animals, watching anime and listening to children's songs.
[6] Hey hey. I'm getting home, bye!	[6] Hey, hey. I'm going to bed, goodbye.
Bye!	Bye!
Good evening. I'm on my way home.	I'm at home.
I've been doing quite well recently. I did well in the exam.	It's very good recently. I've also paid a bonus.
My favorite movie is Throw Down.	I like Throw Down best.
Mi Yang, of course.	I like Aaron Kwok best.
Yes, I like him so much.	Well, his movies are getting better and better.
Yes, I like his movies very much.	As his fans, I'm really proud of him.
I've seen it.	I've seen it before.
Who are the stars?	Not yet. How about word of mouth?
OK, I'll see it when I have time.	Well, I'll have a look.
[6] Talk later.	[6] Mm-hmm. I'll go to see, goodbye.
Very good recently. I got a good result in the exam.	Very good.
It's easy.	Pretty good. It's easy to work.
I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music for the time being.
OK, I like him very much.	Okay, he is my favorite star.
Mm-hmm. I really like his hosting style.	Teacher He is really excellent. He can host, sing and perform well.
I've seen it before.	I've watched it and I'm not interested in it.
Who is the director of this movie?	How's the reputation of this movie? What about the ratings?
I'll see it when I have time.	Sounds good! I'll see it sometime.
[5] OK, I'm going to work. Talk to you next time.	[5] I'm going to work. I'll talk to you next time.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Very good.	It's not bad recently. I've been promoted.
Thank you for your compliment.	Okay, thank you.
My favorite song is Gardenia.	One of my favorite songs is Amicable Breakup.
Yes, he is my favorite male singer.	Yeah, I love listening to his songs.
Yes, he is also the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart.	Yes, I will always support him.
I've heard this song. Anything else?	I've heard this song. Any other recommendations?
It seems like a very special song.	It's interesting.
I'll listen to it.	Really? Then I'm a little curious.
Yes, please.	Ok, play it.
It's really good. I like it very much.	[6] It's late. Let's talk next time, goodbye.
Mm-hmm.	Uh huh.
It's 8 p.m.	It's 8:00 p.m.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, today is mostly cloudy with northeast wind, the highest temperature is 17℃, the lowest temperature is 8℃.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, the weather is not very good today. Please keep warm after a light rain. North winds. The high will be 19 ℃ and low 10 ℃.
You're welcome.	It doesn't matter.
Bye!	All right. Bye!
Today's mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 23 ℃ and low 19 ℃.	Hohhot's weather is light rain along with south winds. The high will be 11 ℃ and low 4 ℃.
[2] I'm flattered. Today's weather is suitable for eating Marinated Fish.	[2] This kind of weather is very suitable for listening to You're Not Here. This song just reflects the loneliness of couple in the emotional world.  This song has a strong penetrating power.
This song is sung by Kris Wu.	It's a very good song sung by Leehom Wang.
[3] Do you want to play You're Not Here now?	[3] Can I play it for you now?
OK, There you go You're Not Here.	Ok, it's playing for you.
OK, Goodbye.	Enjoy it. I wish you all the best in your work.
Virgo.	It's Virgo.
[2] Thank you. I also know that Nicholas Tse won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Supporting Actor.	[2] I'm flattered. Nicholas Tse is the king of Asia, who isvery famous.
Yes, he has also won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Supporting Actor.	Yeah. For example, in acting, he has won the Golden Horse Award for Best Actor.
[3] I'd like to recommend his movie, The Bare-Footed Kid, to you. It's a very good movie.	[3] Then you should support his works more. You can see his movie named As The Light Goes Out. The movie looks like a disaster movie, but in fact it is a mash-up of the philosophy of "Smoke", which has created a new type of disaster movie in Hong Kong.
[4] Then I recommend Cecilia Cheung's "Eternal Affairs" to you. The story is very good and the actors are all excellent.	[4]I recommend a movie named Running On Karma to you. It's a really good movie.
The score is 7.4.	It's 6.4.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Sure, may you like it!
Bye!	See ya!
OK, it's playing for you.	It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend another good song named Self Directed Act, which is a hip-hop song. It's also a classic in the hearts of fans.	[2] It's what I should do. I recommend a song named A Chinese Ghost Story, which is also sung by Leslie Cheung. This song is just right at the right time.
How about Run Toward the Future? It's also sung by Leslie Cheung. It's the theme song of the movie Heroes 2.	Then you can listen to his song named Wish You Could Decide, it's worth playing single cycle. It's very good.
It's really good.	Some people sighed with tear in their eyes. Love is loving a person even if he is not good and is being loved even if I am not good.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you need me to play it for you now?
It's playing. Enjoy it!	Playing now. Please enjoy it.
Hey hey, you're welcome.	Hey hey, you're welcome.
OK, bye!	OK, bye!
Good afternoon.	Good afternoon, cutie.
I'm at school.	I'm at school. The class is just over.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Xiaojun Han.
Yes, you're smart.	Right. You're smart.
I'm six years old.	I'm 19 years old.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	I like following news of celebrities, movies and news.
[6] Ha ha, it's OK. I'm going to class. Talk later.	Haha, that's because I like Kris Wu so much.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Yes, I'm going to have dinner. Let's talk later.
Today is sunny with southeast winds. The high will be 18 ℃, and low 7 ℃.	Nantong is cloudy today. The high will be 26 ℃ and low 17 ℃. The temperature difference varies, so please keep warm.
[2] You're welcome. It's a perfect day to eat Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] Haha, I also know that such weather is suitable for eating Sautéed Tofu in Spicy Sauce.
The point is that this hot dish can warm you up.	This hot dish is very famous.
[3] I happen to know a restaurant named Wanzhou Marinated Fish. It's very delicious. I recommend you to go there.	[3] If you want to have a try, you can go to Han's Dumpling King Restaurant.
The average spending here is 31. It's located at No. A15, Hanjiang North Road, Xinshi District. The score is 4.2.	It costs 11 yuan per person, and its address is No. 374 Jialingjiang Road, Haimen town, Jiefang Road. The score is 4.1. Not bad.
Okay, I've made the reservation.	OK, I'll make a reservation for you now. I'm sure you'll like it.
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
Very good.	Good evening. I'm good recently. I'll get paid soon.
I see. Thank you for your concern.	Well, if I don't get paid, I'll run out of money soon.
I like The Sun Washed by Spring Rain.	I like listening to Rain Night Romance best. It's very nice.
Yes, I like him very much.	Yes, he's been my favorite singer for many years.
Yes, I like his songs very much.	He's very good. He's a first-class actor, and a  first-class singer. Excellent!
I'm not interested in this song.	I've heard this song many times. I don't want to listen to it for the moment.
I haven't listened to this song yet. How about this song?	It's the first Jacky Cheung's song in my collection. I like it very much.
Well, thank you for your recommendation.	Yes, old songs have distinctive flavor and stories.
Yes, please.	OK, please play it.
[6] Well, I'll talk to you next time. Bye.	[6] Let's talk later. Thank you for your recommendation. I'm going to do something else.
Bye!	Okay, goodbye.
It's Jay Chou.	It's Jay Chou.
[2] Speaking of Jay Chou, he is the king male singer in Taiwan.	[2] Do you like Jay Chou? He has won the Most Popular Male Singer of Singapore Golden Melody Awards four times and the Most Popular Artist of MTV Asia Awards twice.
You have a good taste. Jay Chou is the Best-selling Artist in China of the World Music Awards four times.	You really have have a good eye. Jay Chou has won the Best-Selling Artist in China of the World Music Awards four times.
[3] Do you want to listen to his song Floral Sea? It's an island style song. Jay Chou sings with island singing style, which has a soothing power.	[3] I'd like to recommend his song Snake Dance. The whole song mixes hip-hop with Egyptian and Middle Eastern folk music, as well as seductive singing, which creates a unique and charming hip-hop duet. It's really good.
Then you can't miss it.	Then you can have a try. It's really great.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	There you go.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
OK, playing now.	OK, Greenhouse Girl is playing.
[2] Yes, I'd like to recommend another song of Leslie Cheung, Where Are You Now. This song is full of the Leslie Cheung style, which is very infectious. Would you like to listen to it?	[2] Yes, by the way, his Like That is also good. The dreamy feeling of this song is really amazing. I don't know how to describe it. But it's quite good. You can have a try, too.
How about Golden Armor? It's a very good song. You can give it a try.	OK, his another song November Rain is also nice. I really like it. It's highly recommended.
Yeah, it's a great song.	You're going to love it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you need me to play it now?
OK, November Rain is playing.	OK, it's playing.
You are welcome.	That's all right.
Have a good dream, goodnight.	Have a good dream, goodnight.
OK, now it's playing for you.	Yes, At Least I've Got You is playing for you.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, Leslie Cheung's The Years Flow Like Water is also very good. It's a lyric song with warm melody and lively rhythm. I recommend it to you.	[2] You're welcome. Leslie Cheung's song Together We Move On is very good. This song again shows his excellent singing skill. Would you like to listen to it?
Then you can listen to his Run Toward the Future, which is the theme song of the movie Heroes 2. It's very good. Would you like to listen to it?	How about Wish You Could Decide? It's so good that many people like to put it on repeat. Do you want to listen to it?
It's Leslie Cheung's song.	It's Leslie Cheung.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
Wish You Could Decide is playing for you.	OK, Wish You Could Decide is playing for you.
You're welcome. I'm glad you like it.	You're welcome. I'm glad that you like it.
OK, see ya!	OK, then I won't keep you. Good luck with your work, goodbye!
Good afternoon!	Hi.
I'm very happy with my progress in study.	I've been doing great in my job recently and I feel good.
I like Bosom Friend best.	I like Hand in Hand best.
Yes, I like him very much.	Yes, he sings very well.
His songs are really good.	He is really excellent.
I've heard it. I'm not interested in this song.	Sorry, I don't want to listen to this song now.
What's the public praise of this song?	The name of this song is really interesting.
I really want to hear it.	I'm going to listen to this song.
Okay.	Sure.
[6] I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you next time.	This song sounds very chic.
[6] I'm going to lunch. Talk to you later.	[6] I'll be at the company soon. I'll talk to you next time.
Bye!	See ya!
Today is May 17, 2018.	It's August 29, 2018.
[2] You know what? Today is Nicholas Tse's birthday.	[2] Hey, it's also Nicholas Tse's birthday today. I noticed that.
You have a good taste. Nicholas Tse has also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor.	Yes, he is very popular. He has also won the Most Popular Male Singer in the General Review of Chinese Original Songs. Isn't that great?
[3] Yes, do you want to listen to his Hand in Hand now? It's a very good song.	What's more, he is the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Award. His acting skill is getting more and more sophisticated.
[3] Then I'd like to recommend you to listen to his Floral Sea. It's a song full of island style with island singing and island dancing.	[3] Well, I don't know if you've ever watched his film Time and Tide. It's very good in all aspects.
It's Tsui Hark.	It's Ke Xu.
You're going to love it.	Well, I'm sure you'll like it.
OK, see ya!	OK, goodbye.
On my way home.	I'm on the way to school.
I didn't do well in the exam.	Very good. I've been doing well in exams recently.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Shuaiyu Cai.
Yeah, you're smart.	You are so clever.
I'm five years old.	I'm seven years old.
I like small animals, watching animation and singing children's songs.	I like small animals, anime and nursery rhymes.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6] Talk later. I'm going to school.
It's 8 p.m.	It's 12 noon, November 24, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, it will turn from sunny to cloudy with northwest winds today. The high will be 15 ℃ and low 3 ℃.	[2] Thank you. Today will be sunny with southwest winds. The high will be 11 ℃, and low - 4 ℃.
It's a perfect day to have Marinated Fish.	Okay.
OK, see ya!	OK.
Of course. His birthday is January 18, 1979.	He was born on January 18, 1979.
[2] Jay Chou is a talented musician.	[2] Yes, after all, he is a talented national idol.
You have a good taste. He has won Golden Melody Awards for Best Male Mandarin Singer for four times and Golden Horse Award for Best Original Film Song.	Well, he's really great. He's the Best Supporting Actor of the Hundred Flowers Awards, and he has won the Best Original Film Song Award of the Hong Kong Film Awards.
[3] I recommend you to listen to Rain sung by him. It's a very good song, which has strong rhythm. I hope you will like it.	[3] Rain is a song written by Jay Chou, one of  the audience's favorite songs. In the movie Secret, the piano song Rain appears twice. I'd like to recommend it to you.
Pretty good. The melody is very catchy.	Of course it's great. You'll like it.
[4] Can I play Rain for you now?	[4] Do you need me to play this song for you now?
Rain is playing for you.	OK, Rain is playing for you.
Ok, good night.	Bye!
Good afternoon!	Hi.
It's not very good. My study has been going backward.	Great. I got promoted.
But I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music for the moment.
I like him very much. He won the World Music Award for Best-Selling Asian Artist.	Of course, he is my favorite star, handsome and elegant.
Wow, that's amazing.	He's also good at singing. He's the Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.
I've seen it.	I've seen this one.
How's the review?	How about the reputation?
I'll watch it when I have time.	It's worth watching. It must be very good.
See ya!	See ya!
Libra.	He was born in the year of the Tiger.
[2] Speaking of Jimmy Lin, he has won the Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.	[2] You're welcome. I also know that he won the Huading Awards for Best Actor in the idol inspirational category.
Of course. I also know that he has won the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards. And he is also the winner of the Pepsi Music Hall of Fame Award.	I also know that he has won the Annual Champion of Taiwan Aupercar Race in 2001. He is an all-round artist.
[3] Ha ha, he is really excellent. I'd like to recommend to you a song, which is called A Man Of Intention, which has a good rhythm.	[3] Since you like Jimmy Lin so much, would you like to watch his film? This Grandpa's Love is really moving. You can have a try.
The score is 7.3.	The score is 7.3.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
Bye!	OK, I won't keep you. Looking forward to chatting with you next time, goodbye.
It's 6 p.m.	It's 8 p.m.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, it's sunny today with southwest winds. The high will be 20 ℃ and low 8 ℃.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, today has light rain with northeast winds. The high will be 10 ℃ and low 1 ℃.
You're welcome.	You're welcome.
Bye!	See ya!
Cecilia Cheung.	It's Jacky Cheung.
[2] Jacky Cheung is a superstar in Hong Kong.	[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Jacky Cheung, I have to say that he is a great singer.
You have a good taste. He has won the Golden Melody Award for Best Male Mandarin Singer.	Haha, in fact, Jacky Cheung not only sings well, but also acts well. He has won the Best Actor Award of the Chinese Film Media Award, a great award.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Free Tutorial Video. It's a very good song. I just watched it a few times.	[3] That's right. Don't miss his movie The Swordsman. It is based on Yong Jin's original martial arts novel, adding the Jinquan Hu's story that an eunuch of the East Chamber framing good people. At the same time, it also has Hark Tsui's cynical political criticism, and Cheng Xiaodong's eye-catching martial arts design scene. The movie has been recognized by the vast majority of fans after its release, and is also regarded as a model of "new martial arts film" by various film critics. It's very good.
Chao Deng, Dawei Tong and Shaohong Li.	There are also Guanjie Xu, Min Zhang and Tong Ye.
[4] Then I won't disturb you, goodbye.	Haha, that's great.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
OK, playing for you.	OK, now it's playing for you.
[2] You're welcome. It's also sung by Jiong He. It's a very positive song.	[2] You're welcome. Heartburn, sung by Jiong He, is also a very funny and nice song. I'd like to recommend it to you.
Well, what about Hope for Love? It's a very positive song.	Then don't miss the song Lonely Shadow. It's very emotional, warm and healing. You can have a try.
Yes, it is.	Yes, it was also sung by Jiong He. This old song is not only beautiful, but also carries many people's college memory.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] May I play it for you now?
Now it's playing for you.	Lonely Shadow is playing for you.
Hey hey, you're welcome.	Hey hey, you're welcome.
OK, bye!	OK, bye!
On my way to school.	On the way to work.
It's very good recently. I'm paid today.	Recently, I'm not busy. I have nothing to do. It's a bit boring.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Shanyu Zhang.
Yes, you're smart.	Yes, of course.
I'm 27 years old.	I'm 26.
Yes, I like listening to music and watching movies.	Just a few, such as listening to music or something like that.
[6] Heehee, it's OK. I'm going to work. Talk later.	[6] Well, I'm at the company. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
OK, I'll play it for you right away.	The song Heating Rice Dumpling is playing for you.
[2] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[2] My pleasure. I'd like to recommend another song of Jay Chou, Enchanting Melody. His technique of changing Chinese rhymes to adapt to the rhythm of hip-hop music is really wonderful. You can have a try.
Then you can give it a try. The more you listen to Jay Chou's songs, the more you like them.	OK, what about Chivalry. It's also Jay Chou's. It's classic. Would you like to listen to it?
You can listen to it. It's very nice.	This song is well worth listening to.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play Chivalry for you now?
Chivalry is playing for you.	It's playing for you.
You are welcome.	You are welcome.
OK, bye!	All right. Bye!
Hello!	Good evening!
It's easy.	I've been busy with my work recently, but I feel full in my heart.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Qilin Zhou.
Of course.	You are very clever.
I'm 20.	I am 39 years old.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	I usually like to listen to music.
[6] Yes, I'm going to work. Let's talk next time.	Haha, just to kill time.
Bye!	Bye!
It's 8 p.m.	It's 12:00 noon.
[2] Thank you for your praise. By the way, today is mostly cloudy with southeast winds. The high will be 23 ℃ and low 20 ℃.	[2] Haha, I also want to remind you that today will be from light rain to overcast. East wind. The high will be 20 ℃ and the low 15 ℃. Remember to take an umbrella.
My pleasure.	You're welcome.
OK, see ya!	Bye. Talk to me when you have time.
Hello!	What's up?
Recently, I've been very happy. I got a bonus.	Not bad. I did very well in the exam yesterday.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Xiaoxiang Guo.
Yeah, you're smart.	Yeah, you're smart.
I'm eight years old.	I'm eight years old.
I like small animals, watching animation and listening to children's songs.	I usually like to play with small animals, and sometimes I like watching animations.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6] I have to go. I'm going to study.
Today is sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 6 ℃, and low - 3 ℃.	Today, a light snow will end up with cloudy skies. The high will be 6 ℃ and low - 4 ℃. Please keep warm!
[2] This kind of weather is suitable for listening to Heroes of Earth.	[2] Well, this kind of weather is suitable for eating Red-cooked  Spare Ribs. Would you like to have it?
This hot dish is very popular.	What a coincidence! This dish will be more delicious if it's made of fine spare ribs.
[3] I recommend that you order Red- cooked Spare Ribs at Yicaiyige Classic Sichuan Restaurant. It's very delicious.	[3] Well, you can make a reservation at The Big Stuffing Dumpling Restaurant.
It's 31 per person. It's located on the third floor of Tianyi West Road, Qingnian Road, Kuancheng District. The score is 4.5.	Well, it will cost 25 yuan per person. It's at the north entrance of Jingning Road, Chengguan District (diagonally opposite China Pacific Insurance Building). The score is 5!
OK, I'll make a reservation for you then.	Well, have a nice meal with  your friend.
All right. Bye!	Bye!
Xun Zhou's blood type is O.	Xun Zhou has type O blood.
[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Xun Zhou, she has won the Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress.	[2] You're welcome. She's a born actress.
It has nothing to do [REC]  with acting. She has also won the Best Actress of the Asian Film Awards, the Best Actress of the Asian Film Awards and the Best Actress of the Golden Horse Awards.	You have a good eye. Xun Zhou is the Best Actress of China Film Director's Guild Awards. Her acting skill is great.
[3] I'd like to recommend you to see her movie named A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream, which tells the story of a young woman who is not afraid of dying alone, but will work together with others to conquer their difficulties.	[3] I know her film The Message.  The film editing is quite fluent. They have done enough work on every detail. I'd like to recommend it to you.
Rene Liu's movie is very good.	[4] The film Mr. Right Wanted is very interesting. The love story is typical but special, which makes people feel comfortable. Would you like to watch it?
It's Hsu Chi, who is very famous.	Besides Rene Liu, there are Bai Wu and Zhaorong Chen.
It won't let you down.	I'm sure you'll like this movie after watching it.
OK, see ya!	Then I won't disturb you, bye!
Good evening.	Good evening.
I'm busy with my work recently.	I'm wondering when I can get paid.
OK, I hope so.	I hope so.
My name is Pinglu Liu.	Okay, my name is Xinqian Yu.
Yeah, you're smart.	Yes.
I'm 18 years old.	I'm 38.
I like to eat Crawfish.	I usually like Marinated Fish.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Yeah, I'm going to sleep. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
It's 12:00 at noon.	It's 10:00 p.m.
[2] You're welcome. It's cloudy with southeast winds today. The high will be 21 ℃, and low 14 ℃.	[2] You're welcome. I also want to remind you that the weather will be from sunny to cloudy. Southern winds. The high will be 5 ℃ and low - 3 ℃.
Keep warm.	Yes, it's getting cold.
OK, I won't disturb you.	You'd better prepare some cold-proof clothes.
Bye!	Bye!
It's Jacky Cheung.	It's Bo Huang.
[2] Speaking of Bo Huang, he won the Best Actor of the Asian Film Awards and the Best Actor of the Golden Horse Awards.	[2] You're welcome. He's a really good man in the entertainment industry.
Yes, he also won the Excellent Actor of the Hundred Flowers Award.	You have a good eye. He's also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Actor.
[3] Ha ha, if you like him so much, I'd like to recommend his movie named The Bare-Footed Kid. It's really good.	[3] Since you like him so much, I recommend you to watch his movie Design Of Death, which is a good movie that can bring you some thoughts.
It's Tsui Hark.	The director is Hu Guan.
Very good.	Very good.
Hope you like it.	Enjoy the movie.
Bye!	Bye!
Bo Huang's height is 172cm.	OK, Bo Huang is 172cm tall.
[2] Bo Huang is a very excellent actor. He won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actor.	[2] It's nothing! My pleasure. By the way, Bo Huang is a superstar in the entertainment industry.
Of course, Bo Huang is very good at acting. He has won the Golden Phoenix Award of China Film Society Of Performing Art Award.	You have a good eye! His acting skill is really good, and he has won such awards like the Golden Phoenix Award of China Film Performing Arts Association.
[3] Yes, I recommend you to see his movie, The Bare-Footed Kid, which has a good reputation.	[3] Then you can't miss his movie Mojin - The Lost Legend. Kun Chen and Hsu Chi also acted well in this film. You can have a try.
This is a combination of fantasy and history. It's very exciting.	It's a wonderful film that integrates fantasy, adventure and plot!
The score is 6.3.	The score is 7.5!
You'll love it!	[4] Let's talk later. You can watch it when you have time! bye-bye!
Bye!	You're welcome!
OK, playing now.	OK, it's playing for you.
[2] I'd like to recommend another song named There Is a Place to you. It's a love song. It's a song about memories.	[2] Greenhouse Girl is also nice. It sounds like a wonderful mixture of rough and warm, manic and sad. Do you want to have a try?
OK, what about November Rain? It's also a good one. It's a song full of the creator's thinking. You can listen to it.	Then what about There's a Place (REMIX)? Its simple lyrics tells the story of real and young love. It's very special. You can listen to it.
You can listen to it. It's very nice.	Then don't miss it!
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Can I play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	Well, it's playing. Please enjoy it.
You're welcome. I'm glad you like it.	Thank you very much!
Bye!	OK, bye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	It's July 10, 2018.
[2] You know what? Today is Jacky Cheung's birthday.	[2] Thank you. By the way, do you know today is Jacky Cheung's birthday?
You have a good taste. Jacky Cheung won the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	Then you have a good eye. He is the king of Cantonese songs.
[3] Yes, you can listen to Jacky Cheung's Rain. In it, he shows us the reality of life in Hong Kong.	[3] Well, I'd like to recommend his movie Bullet in the Head, which reflects humanity in the big era. You can have a try.
The director is Sung Kee Chiu.	The director is John Woo.
You're going to love it.	Believe me. It won't let you down.
Bye!	All right. Bye!
It's sunny with south winds today. The high will be 15 ℃ and low 4 ℃. It's a little bit cold.	It's cloudy with variable winds. The high will be 22 ℃, and low 12 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for eating Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] Such weather is suitable for listening to Orchid Pavilion. The lyrics are charming, which make people like to put it on repeat.
It's Jay Chou.	It's Jay Chou. The lyrics was written by Wenshan Fang. The song is very Chinese.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play Orchard Pavilion for you?
It's playing for you.	Orchard Pavilion is playing for you.
See ya!	See ya!
On my way home.	I'm on my way to work.
It's easy.	There's something difficult. I feel a little stressed.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Shannan Xu.
You guessed right.	Thank you, but I'm not a boy anymore.
I'm 26 years old.	I'm 46.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	Yes, I have many hobbies. I like listening to music when I have time.
Listening to music is really good for health.	[6] Yes, but now I'm going to work. I have to support my family. Talk later.
See ya!	All right. Bye!
It's 8 a.m.	It's 22 o'clock.
[2] By the way, today is sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 13 ℃, and low 0 ℃.	[2] Haha. By the way, today is cloudy with variable winds. The high will be 28 ℃ and low 21 ℃.
Yes.	Yes, it makes people feel good.
Yes, you can also go out for a walk.	Yes.
Bye!	Bye!
Of course. He's a Scorpio.	Of course. His star sign is Scorpio.
[2] Thank you for your compliment. Aaron Kwok is a famous artist in Hong Kong.	[2] Haha, he's one of the most handsome men in ancient costume.
He's also one of the top ten outstanding young people in Hong Kong.	Yes, he is excellent, and he has won the Most Popular Male Singer in the Top Ten Golden Songs three times.
[3] Have you ever heard his song named Dream at That Time? It's a beautiful and touching song.	[3] If you like to watch his movies, I'd like to recommend Floating City for you. The theme is good, and Aaron Kwok's acting skill is great.
The director is Sung Kee Chiu.	The director is Hao Yan.
It's really worth watching.	Well, I believe it's worth watching.
All right. Bye!	Well, then I won't keep you, goodbye.
Good morning. It's boring.	Hello, my recent work is rather easy.
Yes, I will study harder and get better.	Thank you for your advice. I'll consider it.
My name is Xiaoxiang Guo.	My name is Fengguo Guo.
I'm a man.	I'm a man.
I'm 55 years old.	I'm 36.
I like following stars, watching movies and listening to music.	I like to watch movies. I'm also a fanboy.
Ha ha, because I like Bo Huang so much.	Haha, because I like Hsu Chi so much.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Yeah, gotta get to work, so long.
OK, that's for you.	I'm on it.
[2] You're welcome. Do you like Leehom Wang? He is the winner of the Golden Melody Award for Best Male Mandarin Singer.	[2] You're welcome. Leehom Wang's another song All the Things You Never Knew is recommended to you. The tune and the lyrics which match perfectly with the movie give us a deep impression.
OK, I'd like to recommend You Are a Song Within My Heart to you. The melody, lyrics and arrangement are very nice. It's very nice.	How about the song Open Fire? I never get tired of it. This song with a strong rhythm mixes martial arts and Taiko with rap. You can try it.
Yeah, it's very popular.	The way Leehom Wang sings is very appealing.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
I'm on it.	I'm on it.
Yes, I'm glad you like it.	Yes, I knew you'll like Leehom Wang's songs!
OK, I won't disturb you. Bye!	All right. Goodbye.
It's 8 p.m.	It's 20 o'clock sharp in the evening.
[2] Thank you for your praise. It's cloudy with northwest winds today. The high will be 21 ℃ and low 13 ℃.	[2] Besides, I can tell you today's weather report for Zhengzhou: Cloudy with southeast winds. The high will be 6 degrees Celsius and low 4 degrees Celsius.
Thank you for that.	Thank you for that.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
It's sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 4 ℃.	Light rain along with south winds. The high will be 12 ℃ and low 6 ℃. Remember to take an umbrella.
[2] You're welcome. It's a good weather for listening to Who's the Keyman.	[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for marinated fish.
Hehe, grilled grouper is delicious.	Marinated grouper is so good.
[3] You can order marinated fish at Huihuang Sichuan Restaurant.	[3] You can try the restaurant Spicy Hot Pot Marinated Fish, where marinated fish is the special.
50 yuan.	It's 31 RMB. Budget-friendly.
It's on the third floor of Zhubang City Square, Qingnian Road, Kuancheng District.	No. 104, Building 2, 1 / F, Shimao Plaza, Xinhe East Road, Chongchuan District (next to TOP Hipster's Wardrobe).
It's 3.9.	The score is 5. Pretty high.
OK, I'm on it.	OK. The reservation has been made!
Bye!	OK, see ya!
It's cloudy with northwest wind in Xuzhou today. The highest temperature will be 14 ℃ and lowest 2 ℃.	Today's weather report for Dali: Sunny with southwest winds. The high will be 16 ℃ and low 1 ℃.
[2] Hehe, it's a good day to eat Sautéed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce.	[2] Yes, I'm smart. Today I recommend a song called There Is a Place to you. The lyrics give us a very realistic experience. With the comforting tune and touching singing, the song touches our hearts in a gentle way. I hope it can makes you happy today.
It's Kris Wu.	Kris Wu.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] May I play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	Got it. It's playing for you. I hope you like it.
I'm glad you like it.	Haha, your idol's songs must be good.
All right. Bye!	OK, see ya!
Today's weather is cloudy with northwest wind, the highest temperature is -10℃, the lowest temperature is -19℃.	Today's weather report for Nantong: Sunny early and cloudy later. Northeast winds. The high will be 25 ℃ and low 15 ℃. The weather is good!
[2] You're welcome. Today's weather is perfect for listening to the song named All the Things You Never Knew. The lyrics are classical and beautiful, and each note hits the heart.	[2] This kind of warm weather is suitable for eating Jiaozi Stuffed with Celery!
Celery is a nutritious vegetable.	Jiaozi Stuffed with Celery is a famous folk dish! Many people like it!
[3] I know a restaurant with a good Jiaozi Stuffed with Celery. Don't miss it!	[3] I happen to know a restaurant called Han's Dumpling King Restaurant. I recommend that you order Jiaozi Stuffed with Celery there. This restaurant is very good!
The price per person is 31 yuan and the score is 4.2!	The address is No. 374, Jialingjiang Road, Haimen Town, Jiefang Road. The score is 4.1 and the restaurant costs 11 RMB per person.
Yes, I'll make a reservation for you now!	OK, I'm on it.
Bye!	Bye!
It's cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 4 ℃.	Hehe. Today's weather report: Overbcast sky will give way to mostly cloud ones. Northeast winds. The high will be 11 ℃ and low 3 ℃.
[2] Thank you for your praise. It's a perfect day to have Duck Blooding Chili Sauce.	[2] At your service. Today I recommend Tofu with Preserved Eggs, which matches the weather very well!
Yes, it's a very popular cold dish.	Preserved egg and tofu are a perfect match.
I'm sure you'll like it.	[3] OK. Go to rest. I won't hold you up.
Ok, goodbye!	Goodbye!
She's a Libra.	She is a Aquarius.
[2] You're welcome. She also won the Best Actress of the Golden Horse Award.	[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Ruby Lin, I think she is likeable.
Yeah, she's also nominated for the Most Popular Actress of the Chinese Film Media Awards. And she has won the Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress.	Yes, as time goes by, she's now hot and mature.
[3] Yes, she is also a famous actress in China. She has also won many awards, such as the Best Actress of Hong Kong Film Award.	[3] Haha, do you want to watch her movie The Mirror? Ruby Lin looks beautiful in it.
It's a suspense movie with action and plot.	It's a crime movie with suspense and horror. It's exciting!
OK, you'll like it.	I'm sure you'll like it.
OK, bye!	All right. Bye!
Yes, her birthday is September 16th.	It's April 16.
[2] Thank you. Hsu Chi is a beautiful actress. Of course I know her.	[2] Thank you. A lot of foreigners think she is beautiful. That's why I know something about her.
Yeah, and a very good actress. She has won the Best Actress Award of the Golden Horse Awards.	She is a superb actress. She was a member of the jury of the Berlin International Film Festival. Do you know it?
[3] I'd like to recommend a movie to you. It's called The Crescent. It's a great movie.	[3] Do you want to watch her movie Levin? It is an outstanding work in micro movies.
Yes, it has a good reputation.	It's a good domestic movie indeed.
It won't let you down.	I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
Bye!	All right. Bye!
It's Jay Chou.	It's Jay Chou.
[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Jay Chou, he's one of the Ten Outstanding Young Persons of the world.	[2] Jay Chou once won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Original Song.
Yes. He has also won the Best Original Film Song of Golden Horse Award.	Besides, he won four Singapore Golden Melody Awards for Most Popular Male Singer. He is an excellent celebrity.
[3] I'd like to recommend you to listen to Jay Chou's Rain. The song is very catchy.	[3] Jay Chou's piano music Rain is so good that it gives me goose bumps. In the movie Secret, Rain appeared twice.
Yeah, so long as you like it.	You can try it. It's very nice.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you need me to play this song for you?
OK, it's playing for you.	Rain is playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	OK, I will leave you to it, goodbye.
Good evening. I'm on my way home.	I'm so happy.
It's easy to study recently.	Because I got a perfect score on two exams!
My name is Xinqian Zhang.	Sure. My name is Ming Sun.
Yes.	Yes.
I'm six years old.	I'm six years old.
I like small animals, watching animation, listening to children's songs.	I like small animals and like to listen to music.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6]I have to study.Goodbye.
It's Bo Huang.	Yes. It's Jackie Chan.
[2] Speaking of Jackie Chan, he is one of the 100 Outstanding Actors of Chinese Film Century.	[2] Speaking of Jackie Chan, he's a megastar in film world.
Yes, he is also the Best Actor in the Hong Kong Film Awards.	In addition, he was one of Ten Outstanding Young Persons of the World, and won Lifetime Achievement Award, one of the MTV Movie Awards, and two Golden Horse Awards for Best Actor.
[3] I recommend you to see Jackie Chan's documentary, Jackie Chan: An Untold Story, which shows the hardships behind the kung fu movie.	[3] Speaking of Jackie Chan, I recommend his movie Rumble in the Bronx, which brought him into the North American mainstream.
It's Peter Chan.	The director is Tang Jili.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I believe it won't let you down.
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
He's a Virgo.	Yes! He's a Virgo
[2] Hey, hey, Leslie Cheung is one of the 100 Outstanding Actors of Chinese Films Century.	[2] Hehe, he is a megastar.
Ha ha, he has also won the Golden Needle Award, the highest honor of RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards	Well, he won the 30th Golden Horse Award for Best Original Song.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Where Are You Now to you. It's a great song. Leslie Cheung sings in a very romantic way, which is unique.	[3] I recommend his song Blamefully Beautiful. Leslie was trying to tell his love that she is blamefully beautiful, and she is more than beautiful. Even the best singing skills and the most perfect voice cannot compare to Leslie's devotion.
Yeah, it's very nice.	Yes.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it now?
Playing Blamefully Beautiful	The song is playing,
Yeah, bye!	You're welcome. Bye
Hello, Lhasa today is cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 15 ℃ and low 3 ℃.	Cloudy early and overcast later. Variable winds. The high will be 3 ℃ and low - 5 ℃.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Sautéed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce.	[2] Today's weather is very suitable for eating Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili.
Then you can eat it today.	You should try it today.
You'll love it.	[3] I recommend Jialinjiang Riverside Sichuan Cuisine. You can order this dish there.
The price per capita is about 40, and the score is 4.2.	It costs 65 RMB per person, and the score is 4.9.
It's in No.270 Jialinjiang Road, Hanjiang District (next to Yinhe Fishing Village).	No. 300, Changcheng Middle Road, Jinfeng District. It's opposite Xinbailiangtian supermarket.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you.	OK, I'll make a reservation for you.
Bye!	See ya!
Good evening.	Good evening.
On my way home.	Busy with studying. I did not do well in my exams.
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	Sure, my name is Xinwen Qian.
I'm a girl.	I'm a girl.
I'm six years old.	27
I usually like to watch the news and listen to music.	I like to listen to music and watch movies.
[6] I'm home. Talk later.	[6] It's all right. I'm going to study. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
It's not very good. I didn't do well in the exam.	Don't go there. I've been annoyed recently.
I didn't do well in the exam.	Nothing serious. My job is just too boring.
I like the song Hand in Hand best.	I like Don't Be Afraid the best.
I like Jiong He very much.	I like him very much. I think he is really excellent.
Well, he is really excellent.	He is not only good at hosting, but also good at singing.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I've listened to it. I don't want to listen again.
This one is worth listening.	This one I've never listened to.
I'll listen to it.	Such being the case, I'd like to hear it.
Sure.	Sure, please.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. Talk later.	[6] It's really good. I'm at the company right now. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
Good evening.	What's up?
I didn't do well in the exam.	Good, but my study pressure is a little big.
I don't want to listen to music now.	Not really for music right now.
It's OK. Kris Wu is my favorite star.	Yes, I really like his songs, but I just don't feel like listening to them right now.
Yeah, I really like his songs.	Yeah, that's why I like him.
I've seen it. I don't want to see it now.	I've watched this one. Any other recommendations?
I've watched this one. Any other recommendations?	Who is the director of the film?
What kind of movie is it?	Sounds good. I'm going to check it out.
See ya!	Goodbye.
Today's weather is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 16 ℃ and low 3 ℃.	Today's weather report for Fuzhou: Mostly cloudy early and overcast later. Northeast winds. The high will be 28 ℃, and low 17 ℃.
[2] Hehe, this kind of weather is very suitable for eating Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce.	[2] This weather is especially suitable for eating Spicy Hot Pot. Do you like it?
Then you can have a try when you have time!	Everyone will praise it after eating this hot dish!
[3] I recommend you to order Spicy Hot Pot at Yufeiyu Fashion Hunan Cuisine.	Every ingredient of this dish is indispensable, which makes it authentic.
Bye!	Bye!
Nicholas Tse.	It's Cecilia Cheung.
[2] You're welcome. Cecilia Cheung is a very good actress. She has won the Best Actress of Hong Kong Film Awards.	[2] You're welcome.I know she's an atrtractive actress seemingly ageless
She has also won the Best Actress of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	You really have an eye. She won the Chinese Film Media Award for Most Popular Actress.
[3] Haha, then you can go to see her movie, Silence is Gold. It's a great movie. It's a rare domestic comedy. I recommend it to you.	[3] Speaking of which, you must watch her movie King of Comedy, a really good one. It is well-plotted, and the theme is quite clear: Belief, persistence and seeking goodness.
The director is Chucheng Ma.	The directors are Stephen Chow and Lichi Li.
Very good.	Yes, this comedy has a good reputation.
I believe it won't let you down.	Enjoy the movie.
Bye!	Bye!
Hello, it's 8:00 a.m., December 9, 2018.	It's 10:00 p.m. sharp on October 3, 2018.
[2] Thank you for your praise. By the way, today's weather is cloudy with northeast wind. The highest temperature will be 21 ℃ and lowest 10 ℃.	[2] Hehe. By the way, here's today's weather report: Sunny with variable winds. The high will be 31 ℃, and low 21 ℃.
You're welcome.	No problem. I'll always be as considerate as I am now.
Me too.	Love you too!
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Today is May 17, 2018.	It's 7:00 a.m. on October 10, 2018.
[2] Thank you for your praise. By the way, today is cloudy to sunny with northeast winds. The high will be - 3 ℃, and low - 13 ℃.	[2] Thank you. By the way, here’s today's weather report for Chongqing: Mostly cloudy with variable winds. The high will be 22 ℃, and low 14 ℃.
That's what I ought to do.	You're welcome. It's my pleasure.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon!
I'm unhappy because I didn't do well in the exam.	Nothing. I just feel lonely.
I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music now.
Yes, he is also the record holder of sales of Chinese records in South Korea.	Yes, he is also a master of melody.
Mm-hmm, he's excellent.	He's good at singing and acting.
I've seen it.	I'm not interested in this film.
Who is the director?	What kind of movie is it?
Then I want to see it.	That sounds good. I must watch it sometime.
[5] OK, I'm going to bed. Talk to you later.	[5] OK. I'm going to have dinner. Talk later.
Bye!	Mm-hmm, bye.
On the way home.	I'm on my way to work.
The company paid bonus. I'm super happy.	I've been doing my job with ease these days.
But I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music for the time being.
It's Jacky Cheung.	I don't know. Can you tell me?
I like him very much.	Him! I'm his big fan!
I've seen this. I don't wanna see it for the time being.	I've watched it.
Who is the director?	That sounds good. Can you tell me who is the director?
How's the review?	That should be very good.
[5] OK, I'm going to work. Talk to you later.	[5] I'll watch it sometime. I'm at company. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
It's mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 20 ℃, and low 10 ℃.	Today's weather report for Urumqi: Sunny with variable winds. The high will be 18 ℃, and low 7 ℃.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce.	[2] Thank you. Today's weather is suitable for the song Chinese Soul, where the West meets the East. It combines rap music with traditional Chinese culture in a better way.
Yes, it's very popular.	This song is very nice. You can have a try.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	Chinese Soul is playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	Hearing you say so is the greatest support to me.
Bye!	OK, goodbye, have a good dream.
Today is sunny with southwest winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	Weather report for Xuzhou: Mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 16 ℃, and low 7 ℃.
[2] It's a good weather for eating Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] Such weather is suitable for listening to Who's the Keyman! The song is very appealing.
It's sung by Jiong He.	I never get tired of listening to it!
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play Who's the Keymanfor you?
Who's the Keyman is playing for you.	Who's the Keyman is playing for you.
You're welcome. Glad you like it.	You're welcome. Glad to hear you say so.
Bye!	Bye!
It's not very good. My study is backward.	Hello, I'm under great pressure. I don't know what to do.
OK, I like to listen to children's songs.	OK. I'll have a try.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	Yes. My name is Ming Sun.
Yes.	Wow, you are so smart.
I'm 27 years old.	I'm five years old.
I like small animals, watching animation, listening to children's songs.	I like to listen to children's songs very much.
[6] I'm going to eat, goodbye.	[6] Mom told me to go to bed. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
Today's weather is sunny with variable winds. The high will be 14 ℃ and low 3 ℃.	Sunny with north winds. The high will be 17 ℃, and low 4 ℃.
[2] Today's weather is suitable for eating Sautéed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce.	[2] Well, this weather is suitable for listening to If It's Not Love, which is full of the singer's thinking and confusion about love.
It's sung by Jiong He.	Jacky Cheung, your favorite singer.
[3] Then I'd like to recommend his song Where Are You Now. It's very nice.	[3] Shall I play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, it's playing for you. Please enjoy it
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
Today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 8 ℃ and low - 4 ℃.	Mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 15 ℃, and low 10 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. It's a perfect day to have Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce.	[2] You know what? It'd be great if you go to eat marinated fish in such weather.
Yes. It's spicy.	No. It's not spicy.
[3] Marinated Fish of Hengshui Roasted Fish is very good. You can try it.	[3] Bayuzhuang Sichuan Restaurant is known for marinated fish. You can try it there.
The price per person is 32 yuan. It's located at the intersection of Changjiang Middle Road and Guanting Road in Donggang District.	It costs 28 RMB per person. It is located at the intersection of  Changjiang Middle Road and Guanting Road, Shushan District. When you get there, you need to walk about 100 meters and you'll find it at the west side. The score of this restaurant is 4.2.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	OK, the reservation has been made for you.
OK, bye!	See ya!
Good morning.	Good morning.
On my way to school.	On the way to work.
My name is Jiaofei Zhang.	My name is Naxia Yu.
Yes.	Yes.
I'm 26 years old.	21 years old.
I like listening to music.	I like to watch movies. I'm also a fangirl.
[6] Ha ha, I'm going to work. I'll talk to you later.	[6] I'm at company. Talk later.
Bye!	Uh huh.
It's cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 26 ℃ and low 19 ℃.	Today is cloudy. East wind. The high will be 18℃, the low 10℃.
[2] It's a perfect day for eating Mapo Tofu.	[2] It's a good weather to eat Marinated Fish.
It's very delicious.	The Grilled Grouper is delicious.
[3] I recommend you to go to Yuweitang Flavour Sichuan Restaurant. Marinated Fish is their specialty.	[3] You can go to the Bailechuan Roasted Fish(Fengye Square, Nongye Road). It can also accept reservations.
The price per person is 44.	It'll cost 52 Yuan per person.
It's 3.9.	The score is 3.7.
It's on the sixth floor of Fengye Square, Fengye International Plaza, 188 Fengye Road, Jinshui District.	It's located on the 2nd Floor of Fengye Square, southeast corner of the intersection of Nongye Road and Nanyang Road, Jinshui District.
OK, no problem.	OK, it has been reserved for you.
Bye!	See ya!
Today is cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	Today is sunny with southwest winds. The high will be 18 ℃, and low 4 ℃.
[2] Today's weather is suitable for eating Marinated Fish.	[2] It's a great weather for Marinated Fish.
It's a very popular dish.	I'm just going to try it today.
[3] If you want to eat Marinated Fish, you can order Marinated Fish at Yuduoduo Roasted Fish (Jiangning Road Store).	[3] Then you can make a reservation at Yuhuohuo Roasted Fish.
The price per capita is 35 yuan and the rating is 4.7.	It's 39 yuan, and the score is 4.9.
It's at No.18, Huyuan 2nd Road, Xiaoshan District.	It's opposite to Taiye international Taian Garden, Xiaguan Taian road.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you.	Yes, I'll make a reservation for you.
Bye!	See ya!
Good morning.	Good morning!
Work is boring recently.	The work is very easy.
My name is Xiaoxiang Guo.	Jingqian Yu.
I'm a man.	I'm a woman by my name.
I'm 36.	I'm 21.
I like watching movies and news.	I usually like listening to music.
[6] Hey, hey. I'm going to work, goodbye.	[6] Well, I'm going to work first.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is light rain with northeast winds. The high will be 26 ℃ and low 17 ℃.	Today's sunny in Hengshui with south wind. The high will be 20℃ and the low 9℃.
[2] It's a nice day to have Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] How about eating Jiaozi Stuffed with Celeryon in such a fine day?
Celery is very nutritious.	Of course. Celery is a very nutritious vegetable.
[3] I recommend you to go to the Yicaiyige Classic Sichuan Dishes (Jianzhou Store). Their Jiaozi Stuffed with Celeryon is very delicious.	[3] You can make a reservation to eat Jiaozi Stuffed with Celery at Big Belly Snow Dumplings.
It's 35 yuan per person.	It will cost 44 per person.
It's 3.5.	The score was 3.9
It's on the 4th floor of Huzhuang Commercial Plaza, Central District, Hong Kong Street.	Big Belly Snow Dumplings is at 150 meters north of the intersection of Jianshe Road and Pingyuan Street in Zaoqiang County.
Sure, no problem.	OK. It's done.
Ok, good night.	Ok, good night.
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon!
I've been promoted recently.	I've been busy with my work recently.
But I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music now.
I don't know. He is my idol.	Yes. He is the winner of the Golden Melody Awards for the Best Mandarin Male Singer Award twice.
Yes. He is my idol.	Yes, a big fan.
I've seen it.	I don't want to see it now.
Who is the director?	How about the word of mouth?
Then I'll see it.	OK, I'll go and watch it.
[5] Well, I'm going to have a rest. I'll talk to you next time.	[5] OK, I'm busy now. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
It's Xiaoming Huang.	It's Jacky Cheung.
[2] I also know that he has won Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor.	[2] Just OK. He's the prince of love songs. Everyone knows that.
He is really a good singer. He has won the Best Original Film Song of Golden Horse Award.	In fact, he also acts well. He has won the  Golden Horse Awards for Best Actor.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song The Crescent. The lyrics of this song are profound and sincere. Jacky Cheung sings with sincere words and sings with sincere melody. It's very catchy.	[3] Yes, by the way, I recommend his film My Dear Son. It's a good film with sincere feelings and tells a touching story about father and son. You can see it.
Good reputation.	Good reputation. It's worth seeing
Hope you'll like it.	You'll like it.
Bye!	Byebye!
Hello, I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	Not good. I have a lot of pressure on my study.
Thank you. I will.	Thank you for your concern.
My name is Xinqian Zhang.	My name is Lingwen Niu.
Yes.	I am a girl of course.
I'm six years old.	Hee hee, I'm seven years old.
I like watching anime and listening to children's songs.	Very simple. I like to listen to children's songs and watch cartoons. I also like small animals.
[6] Hee hee, I'm going to study. Bye.	[6] Hee hee, I'm very happy to chat with you, but I'm going to school soon. Talk next time.
Bye!	Goodbye!
It's 12:00 noon on December 9, 2018.	It's 8 a.m.
[2] Thank you. I also know that the weather in Nanjing today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 4 ℃.	[2] Thank you for your praise. Let me broadcast the weather for you. Today is a sunny day with northeast wind. The high will be - 2 ℃, the low - 11 ℃. Remember to wear warm.
It what I should do.	You're welcome. I'm glad to serve you.
See ya!	See ya!
It's Mi Yang.	The star is Hsu Chi.
[2] You're welcome. Hsu Chi is a very attractive actress. She has won the Best Actress of the Golden Horse Award.	[2] Well, I'm sure I know the forever young star in the entertainment.
She has also won the Outstanding Asian Artist of Shanghai Chinese Film Festival.	As was expected, Hsu Chi's acting are also perfect. She has won the  Golden Horse Awards for Best Actress.  She is excellent.
[3] You can see her movie, A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream.	[3] Ha ha. Do you want to see Beijing Rocks by her? It's very good. It tells the story of a Hong Kong singer performing with a rock band in Beijing.
A feature movie.	Yes, the plot and musical film.
Not bad.	Very good.
Hope you'll like it.	Hope you'll like it.
Bye!	Bye!
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon!
Ah, I've made progress in my study recently. I'm so happy.	Hehe, I've been studying well recently. I've got good grades in the exam.
Thank you.	You should continue to work hard.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Xinxi Niu.
Yes, you're smart.	You're smart. I'm a girl.
I'm six years old.	I'm 26 years old.
I like listening to music, watching movies and so on.	I like listening to music and I'm a fangirl.
Jay Chou.	I love Jacky Cheung.
[6] Yes, I'm going to bed. Let's talk next time.	[6] Hehe, I'm almost home. I have to review for a while. Talk later
Bye!	Goodbye.
Hello, today is October 15, 2018, 12:00 noon.	8:00 a.m., Wednesday, December 5, 2018.
[2] It's mostly cloudy with northeast winds in Yinchuan today. The high will be 8 ℃ and low - 10 ℃. Be sure to keep warm.	[2] Today Xingtai is mostly cloudy with southeast winds. The high will be 0 ℃, and low - 3 ℃. Keep you warm.
Thank you for that.	That's my duty.
Yeah, bye!	Bye!
Good afternoon!	Hi.
It's easy.	It's very good. It's easy to study
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Xuanhang Wang.
Yeah, you're smart.	Yeah, right.
I'm six years old.	I'm seven years old.
I like animals, anime and nursery rhymes	I like animals, animation and nursery rhymes.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6]  I'm going home first. Talk later.
Hong Kong, China.	He is from Hong Kong, China
[2] Thank you. Nicholas Tse is a very good actor. He won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.	[2] Yes, he is a popular male star and one of the top ten financial topics.
Yes, he has also won the Huading Awards for Best Actor in Idol Dramas.	He's really excellent. He was No.1 of the 36th Top 10 Most Handsome Male Star in Asia. He has also won the Best Selling Singer in Asia of the World Music Awards.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Rain to you. The melody of this song is very beautiful. It's also the theme song of Hong Kong children's songs.	[3] And he acts well. I recommend his The Viral Factor. The scenes and production are very good.
It's 7.3.	The score is seven. It's high.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Yes, you should be interested.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Good evening.	Good evening.
It's good. Work is easy.	So happy. I'm paid.
My name is Pinglu Liu.	My name is Najia Lei.
Yes.	Just OK. Not so beautiful. Ha ha.
I'm 40 years old.	27.0
I like watching movies.	I like watching movies and news
[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[6] Just kill the time. I'm going to clean up.
Bye!	Well, bye.
Good. I got paid.	I'm a little careless recently. I'm going back in my study.
Thank you for your encouragement.	Thank you. I'll come on.
My name is Xinqian Zhang.	No, my name is Na Chen.
Yeah, I'm a girl.	Hehe. I'm a girl but not so beautiful.
I'm only six years old.	It's okay. I'm 26.
I usually like to watch news and listen to music.	Watching stars and listening to songs.
Ha ha, because I like Jacky Cheung so much.	Haha, I like Aaron Kwok so much.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.
Not bad.	Not bad.
Yeah, I've made progress in my study.	Yes. Jesus! How can you guess that? Bravo.
Of course, I like Na Xie best.	Yes, of course. I like Brother best
I like Bo Huang best.	It's Jimmy Lin, of course.
Yes, he is excellent.	I'm his big fan. Ha ha
Yeah, he's excellent.	Quality idol. He's worthy.
I've seen it.	I'm not interested in this film.
It seems that this film has a good reputation.	What kind of movie is it?
Sounds good. I'll see it when I have time.	Oh, it's very interesting.
[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[6] Talk later.
Bye!	See ya!
It's April 28th.	It's  Nov.6th, 1990.
[2] Hehe, Kris Wu is really handsome.	[2] You're welcome. Do you like him? He is known as the God of nation.
He's also the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony in 2015.	He's the first post-90s artist whose wax figure has entered Shanghai Madame Tussauds Wax Museum. He's very excellent.
[3] I recommend that you listen to his Rain. It's very nice.	[3] Well, I'd like to recommend his song Chinese Soul (Live). It integrates eastern and western elements for innovation, so as to better integrate rap music with Chinese traditional culture.
Yes, it's very popular.	Of course. It's really shocking.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] I can play it for you now. Do you want to listen?
It's playing for you.	OK, the music Chinese Soul is playing for you.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
He's a Scorpio.	He's Scorpio.
[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Kris Wu, he is the Most Popular Male Celebrity of 2015 Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony. He has also won the Best Newcomer Award of China International Film Festival London.	[2] He has won the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony. He's an idol.
You have a good taste. He has also won the Best New Actor Award of Tokyo International Film Festival·China Films Week.	He has also won the Outstanding Youth of the 15th Sina Entertainment Anniversary. Also an popular actor.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Deserve to you. It's a good song. It's very popular.	[3] He also sings well. I'd like to recommend a song Desert (Lido Remix) sung by Kris Wu. He has a good voice,. Very good.
Yeah, it's a very positive song.	Yeah, it's really cool. If you listen to it, it's even cooler.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] May I play Deserve   ( Lido   Remix )?
Playing Deserve  for you.	Playing Deserve   ( Lido   Remix ) for you.
See ya!	Bye!
Hello, it's 8:00 a.m., November 12, 2018.	Seven o'clock in the morning.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, it's cloudy early and sunny later. Southwest winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	[2] You're welcome. It's cloudy and sunny today. Southeast wind. The high will be - 1 ℃, the low - 10 ℃. Keep warm.
I will always be your sweetest baby.	Of course.
Thank you.	Thank you.
Bye!	Bye!
Virgo.	He was a Virgo.
[2] Thank you for your praise. Nicholas Tse is a very good actor and one of the CNN's 25 greatest actors.	[2] You're welcome. I think you like him very much. He is the king of Asian popularity.
He also won the Best Supporting Actor of Hong Kong Film Awards.	You have a good taste. Nicholas Tse is not only handsome, he is also very good at acting. He has won  the Hundred Flowers Awards for Best Supporting Actor.
[3] I'd like to recommend a movie of him. It's called Nicholas Tse's Impossible to Miss You. It's very good and worth watching.	[3] I recommend a movie starring Nicholas Tse, As The Light Goes Out. The movie continues the image style of Hong Kong movies, and there are many special effects such as fire surge and explosion. The character of the role is vivid. At last, Nicholas Tse ends up with a heroic tragedy, and the slow motion is quite moving.
[4] Then I'll recommend you a movie starring Cecilia Cheung, which is a love movie. It's a well-recognized work.	[4] Maybe you can see Cecilia Cheung's Wu Yen. It's really classic and funny.
It's good.	Not bad.
The director is Tsui Hark.	The directors are Johnnie To and Ka-Fai Wai.
OK, I hope you like it.	OK, I hope you like it.
See ya!	OK, see ya!
Leehom Wang is a Taurus.	Of course I can tell you. He is a Taurus!
[2] Thank you for your praise. Speaking of Leehom Wang, he is the most popular male singer in Taiwan.	[2] Do you like Leehom Wang, too? He is a perfect man.
Of course, I also know that he won the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart.	Not only in China, he also won the Canadian National Award for Male Singer.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Impossible to Miss You, which is a lyric pop song. Leehom Wang wrote it with the style of flamenco and hip-hop in mind, which has a strong artistic impact.	[3] By the way, I remember his song Chinese Zodiac to you. You'll remember it when you heard.  He made a catchy arrangement of the 12 Chinese zodiac branches. The cheerful melody and refreshing lyrics make this song very  popular.
Yes, Leehom Wang. This song is sung by him.	The singer is the excellent man we just discussed, Leehom Wang!
[4] Well, would you like to listen to it now?	[4] That's great. May I play it now?
OK, playing for you.	Copy that. Playing Chinese Zodiac.
I'm glad you like it.	You must be  happy even you sleep.
All right. Bye!	Have a nice dream. Bye.
Leehom Wang's birthday is May 17th.	May 17, 1976
[2] You're welcome. Leehom Wang is a superstar in the music world.	[2] You know? Leehom Wang has won the Annual Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart.
Yes, and he has also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Original Film Song.	Yes, and he is also the winner of the Best Actress of Chinese Film of Huading Awards. His songs are very distinctive.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Chinese Zodiac (Live) to you. It's very catchy. The lyrics are classical and poetic. The use of Chinese zodiac is also very brilliant.	[3] Chinese Zodiac   ( Live ) is a very good song. I recommend it to you. The cheerful melody and refreshing lyrics make it popular.
Yes, it is.	Yes, it's one of the masterpieces.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4]Shall I play it for you?
It's playing for you.	Chinese zodiac (Live)is being played.
OK, see ya!	See ya!
Well, I feel very good today.	I have mixed feelings.
I didn't do well in the exam today.	It's too much pressure on study.
I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music now. Let's change the topic.
I like him very much.	Did he make any achivement?
He's really excellent. I like him very much.	Well, he's a really great person.
I've seen it.	I've seen this movie. Change another one.
It's good.	What about the reputation?
OK, I'll see it when I have time.	Well. I'd like to see it.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Not very busy.	Pretty good. I just got paid and I feel motivated to work.
Thank you.	Thank you.
I like the movie named The Miracle World.	The Miracle World is very good. I like it.
Nicholas Tse.	My favorite must be Bo Huang.
Yeah, I like his movies very much.	Really? So excellent. I didn't make mistake.
Of course.	I've heard a little about this. His is a good person.
I've seen it. I'm not interested in it.	I've seen it.
That sounds good.	How about the score?
Wow, I really want to see it.	Not bad. I'd like to see it.
OK, thank you.	[6] I'm ready to go to bed now. Play it later.
Yeah, bye!	OK, bye.
Today's weather is cloudy to overcast with northwest wind. The maximum temperature will be 16 ℃ and the minimum temperature will be 8 ℃.	Today in Anshan sleet ends up with cloudy skies. Southwest winds. The high will be 6 ℃, and low - 4 ℃.
[2] It's suitable to eat Mapo Tofu in such weather.	[2] My pleasure. It's a nice day to eat Roasted Squid.
It's a hot dish. You should eat more.	Really? And squid beard is also the best part.
OK, you'll like it.	I'm sure it won't let you down.
Bye!	Let's talk later, goodbye.
It's cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 3 ℃.	Today is sunny to cloudy with southeast wind. The high will be 20 ℃ and the low 8 ℃.
[2] Thank you for your compliment. It's suitable to listen to The 18 Martial Arts in such weather.	[2] It's a good weather for eating Marinated Fish.
The taste of grilled grouper is delicious.	That's great. This dish is very good. Many people like it.
OK, hope you like it.	It will satisfy you.
OK, see ya!	OK. Goodbye!
Good evening. Today's weather is overcast early and cloudy later. Southeast winds. The high will be 2 ℃ and low - 2 ℃. Keep warm.	Good evening. Today Wuxi is sunny with north winds. The high will be 26 ℃, and low 15 ℃.
[2] Hee hee, it's a perfect day for Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce.	[2] Thank you for your praise. It's a good weather for eating Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers.
Of course. It's delicious.	Really? This hot dish is good. You will feel warm after eating.
[3] If you want to eat Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers, you can go to the Laoqi Sichuan Restaurant(Qicai Road store). Its Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers is their specialty.	[3] If you want to eat, you can go to Unforgettable Hunan Restaurant(Powerlong City Plaza). Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers is the specialty.
The price per person is about 58 yuan.	It cost 56 yuan per person. Although it is a little expensive, it is definitely worth eating.
It's at the intersection of Powerlong City street and Xinhe Road in Wuchang District.	The address is located on the 4th floor of Powerlong City Plaza, No.188 Wangzhuang Road, Xinwu district.
The score is 3.7.	The score is 3.6.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	OK, I'm making a reservation for you now.
Bye!	Mm-hmm. good night.
I'm fine. I just didn't do well in the exam.	Hello, I'm in a good mood recently.
I did very well in the exam. I'm very happy.	Ha ha,I was paied bonus, so I'm very happy.
My name is Qixiang Zheng.	My name is Xuanxiang Chen.
Yes.	Yes. Very smart. I'm a man.
I'm 27 years old.	I'm 23 years old.
I like watching movies. I'm a fangirl.	I like watching movies. Especially the movie New Shaolin Temple.
[6] OK, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[6] OK, it's nice chatting with you. I'll wash up. Talk later.
Bye!	Goodbye!
He's 172cm tall.	His height is 172cm.
[2] Hehe, he's a famous movie star. Of course I know him.	[2] Ha ha, speaking of Bo Huang, he is a very funny person.
And he has won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actor.	Hehe, let's pay more attention to his career. He is talented in acting. Directors always like such actor. A real actor.
[3] His acting is really good. I'd like to recommend his movie Bo Huang's Secret, which is an excellent domestic film.	[3] Then I recommend his movie Mojin-The Lost Legend. It boasts thrilling grave-robbing stories full of exaggeration.
It's a feature film.	It's fantasy and adventure.
It's good.	Not bad.
OK, I hope you like it.	OK, you'll love it.
OK, goodbye!	OK, see ya!
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, play the song Good Kid for you.
[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend another song All the Things You Never Knew to you. It's a hip-hop song with sincere and sincere words and music. You'll like it.	[2] It's my duty. Done. I recommend the song Dad Where Are We Going sung by Kris Wu. It's a song about memories. You can listen to it.
OK, how about November Rain? It's a song about memories.	OK, how about There's A Place? It's nice.
Yeah, it's the theme song of the public benefit activity I Want to Go to School.	Yes, it's a very popular song.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] May I play There's A Place if you want to listen?
OK, There's a place is playing for you.	Okay, please enjoy it.
Hey hey, you're welcome.	Hey hey, you're welcome.
OK, bye!	OK, bye!
Hello, today is October 18, 2018.	Hello, today is April 7, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. You know what? Today is the birthday of Jiong He.	[2] You're welcome. Today is Jackie Chan's birthday. Do you like him?
Well, you have a good taste. Jackie Chan won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.	Jackie Chan is really an excellent martial arts star in the world. He won the Golden Rooster Award for best actor and MTV Award for best fighting scene.
[3] Jackie Chan's movies are very good. Then I recommend you his movie Jackie Chan: The Lost Legend. It's very good.	[3] Miracle, Jackie Chan's classic action movie, is recommended to you. It's very funny and warm.
The director is Jackie Chan.	It's Jackie Chan.
This movie won't let you down.	Jackie Chan's movies always bring surprises. You will love them.
Bye!	Talk later. Goodbye.
It's sunny with northeast winds today. The highest temperature will be 21℃, and the lowest temperature will be 10℃.	Today's cloudy and overcast in Tianjin. Southwest wind. The high will be 14 ℃, and the low 5 ℃.
[2] It's a perfect day to eat Marinated Fish.	[2] You're welcome. It's a good weather for eating Sautéed Beef Fillet. You can try it.
Many people like this hot dish.	This dish is very delicious.
Haha. You should try it.	[3] I recommend Going Home Hunan Restaurant. It tastes very good.
It's 32 yuan.	66 yuan.
No.18, Huyuan 2nd Road, Xiaoshan District.	The address is No.7 Dongzeng, Lingao Creative Industrial Park, Lingbin Road, Xiqing District.
It's 3.5.	5 points.
OK, I've made a reservation for you.	Yes. I'll make a reservation for you right away.
Okay, goodbye.	Go ahead. Talk later.
Yes, my idol's birthday is September 27th.	It's Oct. 15th.
[2] You're welcome. Jimmy Lin is a very good man.	[2] You're welcome. I know a lot about such a popular superstar.
Yes, he has won the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony.	You have a good taste. He's really excellent. He has won the United States International Distinguished Youth Award in 2003.
[3] Since you like him so much, you can't miss his song There Is a Place. It's a song about memories.	[3] The Love Winner starring by your idol is pretty good. I hope you see it.
There are also Jay Chou, Jimmy Lin and Kris Wu.	Crystal Liu, Shaoyang Xu and many other stars.
You're gonna love it.	Yes, it won't let you down.
OK, see ya!	Goodbye.
Playing now.	OK, now playing for you.
[2] Thank you for your praise. I'd like to recommend a song Floral Sea to you. It's a beautiful song. The melody of this song is beautiful. It's a beautiful song. Would you like to listen to it?	[2] Hee hee, of course! Maybe you like Jay Chou's Superman Can't Fly? This is a hip-hop song with warm melody. Sounds moving.
OK, how about Run Toward the Future? It's the theme song of the movie Heroes 2.	I recommend you to listen to another song Golden Armor. This song and The Grave of Petals were on the Top 10 of Starry Starry Night Satellite TV Music Charts at that time. Great!
Yeah, it's worth listening to.	Listen to it. I think you'll like it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it?
OK, it's playing for you.	It's playing.
OK, see ya!	OK, call me if you're free. Goodbye.
Very good. I've made progress in my study recently.	Lonely recently.
I got it.	Sure. I often go to the movies.
My favorite movie is City Hunter.	I prefer City Hunter.
I like Na Xie best.	I like Xiaoming Huang best.
He's really excellent. He's a great actor.	Yeah, he's great. So I like him.
Yes, he is really good at acting.	I often watch his movies, too.
I've seen it. I'm not interested in it.	Sorry, I'm not interested in this movie.
What kind of movie is it?	How do people say about it?
I'll see it.	I'll see it.
Thank you for your recommendation.	[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm busy now.
See ya!	Talk Next time. Goodbye.
It will turn from sunny to cloudy with southwest winds. The high will be 6 ℃ and low - 4 ℃. Pay attention to keep warm.	Hello, today Beijing is mostly cloudy with south winds. The high will be 18 ℃, and low 7 ℃.The temperature difference is large. Be careful of catching a cold.
[2] OK, it's a good time to listen to All the Things You Never Knew. This song is full of strong classical flavor.	[2] It's a wise choice. It's a good weather for listening to the song Orchid Pavilion. The lyrics are charming and worth tasting.
Yes, it's sung by Jay Chou.	This song is sung by musical talent Jay Chou and composed by Vincent Fang.
[3] Can I play it for you now?	[3] Do you want to listen to it now?
It's playing for you.	Playing Orchid Pavillion.
I knew you'd like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is January 18, 2018.	Today is May 17, 2018.
[2] You know what? Today is Leehom Wang's birthday.	[2] I also know that today is Leehom Wang's birthday.
You have a good taste. Leehom Wang is a great singer. He has won the Golden Melody Award for Mandarin Male Singer twice.	Yes, he is a talented musician. He has also won the Best Actress of Chinese Film of Huading Awards.
[3] Do you like his songs? I'd like to recommend one of his songs named All the Way to you. It's a classic Chinese love song.	[3] Yes, I recommend his The Sun Washed by Spring Rain to you. It's a beautiful and thought-provoking love song. The style of the song is fresh and natural, which is different from those noisy rock songs and those heavy rigid love songs.
This song is sung by Leehom Wang.	I'm sure you'll like it. It's a really great song.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] OK, can I play this song for you now?
OK, it's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	OK, it's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
All right. Bye!	OK, goodbye.
Not very good. I failed in the exam.	Hello, I'm OK recently. I've made progress in my study.
Thank you for your compliment.	Yeah, your effort has paid off.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Mingqi Wu.
Yes, I am.	Smart. You're right. I'm a man.
I'm 17 years old.	Hehe, I'll be an adult soon. I'm 17 years old.
Yes, I like watching movies and following stars.	I like stars and listening to music. I like the song Begone Love very much.
[6] Yeah, I'll go home first. I'll talk to you later.	[6] Thank you for your advice. I'll refer to it. Now I'm going to wash. Talk next time.
Bye!	Nice talking.
It's 20 o'clock sharp in Beijing.	It's 12 o'clock at noon.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, it's sunny with northwest winds today. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 0 ℃.	[2] By the way, today is light rain along with southeast winds. The high will be 12 ℃, and low 6 ℃. Keep you warm.
I will always be your sweetest baby.	I will always be your sweetest baby.
Me too.	Me too.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Of course. It's Xiaoming Huang.	It's Bo Huang.
[2] Thank you for your praise. I also know Bo Huang is a famous movie star in China.	[2] Thank you. Bo Huang is worthy of the title of king of comedy. He is also known as the all-round star.
His birthday is September 16th.	His birthday is August 26.
[3] Ha ha, you have a good taste. I recommend his comedy Love Now to you. Bo Huang's performance in it is very good.	You have a good taste. Bo Huang is a very excellent actor. He has won the China Film Director's Guild Awards for Annual Best Actor.
[3] Yes, I recommend you to see his movie, My Rice Noodle Shop. It's a good domestic movie.	[3] Have you seen his film The Little Prince? It's a very touching film. It's worth seeing.
The director is Ho-cheung Pang.	The director is Mark Osborne and Cho Jong hyun.
It won't let you down.	[4] OK. Have a rest. Good night, goodbye.
It's Jimmy Lin.	Yes, I know. It's Leslie Cheung.
[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Leslie Cheung, he's a super movie star.	[2] You're welcome. I also know that he was also selected as the CNN's 25 Most Influential People in Asia.
Yes, he also won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.	Yes, he is unique, handsome, casual and elegant.
[3] Yes, by the way, have you seen his movie A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream? The film shows the struggle of men and women in the world. The story is not only good, but also shows the hardships behind kung fu movies.	[3] I recommend Left Right Love Destiny to you. It's a very French short film.He's very elegant.
It's 7.4.	8.3
I'm sure you'll like it.	Well, OK
All right. Bye!	Good night.
It's sunny with northeast winds in Luoyang today. The high will be 22 ℃ and low 13 ℃.	Today's sunny and northerly. The high will be 27 ℃ and the low 15℃.
[2] It's a good day to listen to The 18 Martial Arts. With diversified styles, the song is full of strong classical flavor.	[2] It's nice weather to rat Marinated Fish.
Yes, Marinated Fish is one of the popular hot dishes.	Yes, many people like this hot dish.
[3] You can order Marinated Fish at Laoqi Sichuan Restaurant.	[3] I recommend you to Wanzhou Roasted Fish  to eat Marinated Fish. You can book it.
It's 53 per person.	It'll cost 30 per person.
It's 4.5.	The score is 5.
It's on the fourth floor of Zhubang City Square, Qingnian Road, Kuancheng District.	The address is at the southwest corner of the intersection of Tuolin Avenue and Donghu Road in Yongxiu County (opposite to China Post)
Sure, no problem.	OK. It's done.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Nanchang today is sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 21 ℃ and low 13 ℃.	Reminding: today in Qinghuangdao there is light snow along with northeast winds. The high will be 1 ℃, and low - 7 ℃.
[2] Thank you. It's a good day to listen to All the Things You Never Knew. The lyrics are classical and beautiful, and the melody is lively and lively.	[2] I'm flattered! It's cold today. I recommend to eat Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili.
That's good. The taste of grilled grouper is really good.	This hot dish is perfect!
[3] If you want to eat, you can order Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili at Wanzhou Roasted Fish.	[3] You can order Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili from Yixiangyuan New Hunan Cuisine. It's the special dish!
It's 50. It's not expensive.	47 RMB per person.
It's on the 4th floor of Complex Building, Hongximing Road, Kuancheng District (next to the passage from hall A to Hall C).	Address is No.171 Jianshe Street, Haigang District (Central Shengjing bottom business)
3.7.	It's 5.
OK, I'll arrange it for you right away!	OK, I'll arrange it for you
See ya!	Well, goodbye!
Good afternoon.	Good afternoon.
I'm very happy recently. I've been promoted.	Very relaxed. I have a lot of time to play with children every day.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Xinxiang Yu.
Yes.	Yep, I'm a good little boy
I'm 10 years old.	I'm eight years old.
I like small animals and watching animation.	I like watching small animals, cartoons and listening to children's songs.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6] I'm looking for my mother. Talk later.
It's 12:00 at noon.	It's 6:00 p.m., December 3, 2018.
[2] Thank you for your praise. Today's mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 5 ℃.	[2] Remanding:  today Fuzhou is mostly cloudy with southwest winds. The high will be 27 ℃, and low 18 ℃.
Yes, it's a good day to have Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili.	You are welcome.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	Today is December 27, 2018.
[2] It's still Jimmy Lin's birthday.	[2] Happy to serve you! Today is light rain with northeast wind. The high will be 10 ℃ and the low 2 ℃.
My pleasure.	Pay attention to add clothes!
Bye!	Bye!
It's been easy to study recently.	I'm not happy. I didn't do well in the exam yesterday. I'm a little sad.
OK, I like making friends very much.	Good. I will continue to work hard. I can do beter next time.
My name is Xiaoxiang Guo.	My name is Shuaiyu Cai.
Yeah.	Yes, I'm a boy.
I'm nine years old.	Yes, I don't mind. I'm six years old.
I like small animals, watching animation and listening to children's songs.	I like small animals, but also like to watch animation, listen to children's songs.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6] I'm going to school. Talk later.
Yes, I am.	Yes.
It's very good. I've made progress in my study.	Not bad. I'm retired. I'm a little bored
I don't want to listen to music now.	Sorry, I'm not in the mood to listen to music for the moment.
Ha ha, yes, I like him very much.	I really like him. He's a positive energy idol.
Excellent. He's really the prince charming of young people.	Yes, he is the super male god in my heart.
I've seen it.	I don't want to see this movie now. Sorry.
What kind of movie is it?	What's the score of this movie?
OK, I'll see it when I have time.	Well, I'll see it when I'm free.
Bye!	Well, bye.
Today is May 17, 2018.	Today is January 8th, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Jay Chou's birthday.	[2] Today is the birthday of Jay Chou!
Yes, he has won the Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.	He has won the Mandarin Male Singer Award in Golden Melody Awards twice.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Chinese Soul to you. Jay Chou sang this song with his own unique style. It's very catchy.	[3] I'd like to recommend a song Rootop. It's a work for measuring the voice of duet. The arrangement of the whole song is disorderly and the melody is smooth and beautiful.
Yes, you can listen to it.	You'll know when you listen to it. It's a very good song. It's worth listening to.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] I can play it for you. Do you want to listen now?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	It's playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	Bye!
I'm on my way home.	On the way to work. It's boring to work every day.
Well, I'll try.	Ha ha, you're right.  If not so, I'm so bored.
My favorite movie is Yesteryou Yesterme Yesterday II.	My favorite movie is Yesteryou Yesterme Yesterday II.
I like Bingbing Fan best.	Leslie Cheung.
Yes, he has been shortlisted for Best Actor of Cannes International Film Festival four times.	Yes, I also know that he has won the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.
Yeah, it's so sad.	He is also many people's example.
I've seen it. Please recommend another one.	I've seen it. Any other else?
How's the review?	Really? Is the score high?
I'll see it.	He deserves to be my idol. Just amazing.
[6] OK, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[6] By the way, I have to start to work. Talk next time.
Bye!	Bye!
Xun Zhou's weight is 161kg.	Xun Zhou weighs 41kg.
[2] Thank you. Xun Zhou is an excellent actress. She has won the Golden Eagle Award for Best Actress.	[2] You're welcome. Let's talk about Xun Zhou. She is known as the best actress in mainland China.
Yes, she has also won the China Film Director's Guild Awards for Best Actress.	Yes, and she has also won China Film Director's Guild Awards for Best Actress. Her acting is perfect.
[3] Well, I recommend you to see the film named The Years Flow Like Water, starred by her. It's a combination of ancient history and modern times. The story is full of tension and details. It's worth seeing.	[3] Do you want to see The Equation of Love & Death starring Xun Zhou? The movie is still a story about waiting and love, but the love in the movie is so romantic that it makes people laugh with moving.
[4] Then you can watch Rene Liu's movie, which is very good. The movie is a simple one, but it has profound meaning. You can see it.	[4] Let me see. 20 30 40, starring Rene Liu, is a very good female film. Would you like to know something about it?
The score is 7.	It got a great rating of 7.1.
OK, hope you like it.	Well, I'm sure it won't let you down.
OK, see ya!	OK, I won't disturb you, goodbye!
It's Kris Wu.	It's Kris Wu
[2] You're welcome. Kris Wu is a popular idol and a model of a good man.	[2] Are you his fan? He has won the the Best Actor of Tokyo International Film Festival· China Film Week.
You have a good eye. Kris Wu is a very handsome male star.	He's the first post-90s artist whose wax figure has entered Shanghai Madame Tussauds Wax Museum. He's very excellent.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song One Dream to you. Kris is so handsome in it. It's very popular.	[3] I recommend Kris Wu's Explore to you. Mr. Wu also said that this is a welfare for his female fans.
You'll like it.	You should listen to  it.
[4] Can I play Explore for you now?	[4] How about playing this song for you now？
OK, playing for you.	OK, playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	Your idol won't let you down.
Goodbye.	Goodbye.
Today is May 17, 2018.	It's July 10, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is Jacky Cheung's birthday.	[2] By the way, today is Jacky Cheung's birthday.
You really have a good taste. He has won the Best Selling Artist in China of the World Music Awards four times.	You have a good taste. He is an artist with both virtues and arts.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Crying Palms. It's a sad song. It's also a lyric pop song.	[3] I recommend Bullet in the Head starred by your idol. It reveals deep sorrow through exciting scenes.
What about his Run Toward the Future? It's the theme song of the movie Heroes 2.	[4] Well, there is a piece of music Together We Move On that you grew up listening to in your childhood. It's worth listening to. It reflects the normal state of life.
OK, it sounds better.	It sounds good. It's really worth listening to.
[5] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[5] May I play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	It's on now, please enjoy.
I'm glad you like it.	Yeah, it's a really good song.
All right. Bye!	All right. Bye.
Very good.	Bad. I'm bored.
Yes, I didn't do well in the exam.	I'm happy you come to talk with me.
My name is Qizhen Ji.	My name is Lixia Wang.
I'm a lady.	Female.
26.	50
I like stars, watching movies and listening to music.	Watching the news and movies.
[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[6] Sure. Talk later. Goodbye.
Bye!	Uh huh.
Of course. It's Ruby Lin.	It's Aaron Kwok.
[2] Speaking of Aaron Kwok, he's the king of Hong Kong music.	[2] Aaron Kwok is also a handsome racing driver.
Aaron Kwok won the Best Actor Award of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	He also won He won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actor and the Hong Kong Film Awards for Best Supporting Actor.
[3] Since you like him so much, I recommend you to listen to his song Thousands of Songs. The simple lyrics and lyrics of the song are vividly displayed. The parting scene is vividly displayed.	[3] I recommend a movie The Bare-Footed Kid starring Aron Kwok. The movie has a good rating, with a good sense of fluency and fast pace.
Chongji Zhao.	It's a famous director Johnnie To.
It won't let you down.	Sure.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is light rain with north winds in Wuxi. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	Today Ganzhou is sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 19 ℃, and low 9 ℃.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] Yes, it's a very comfortable temperature. You can listen to The 18 Martial Arts at home at night. The combination of diversified music styles can make people happy.
Yes, a lot of people like it.	Yes. Just one word: cool.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] OK, may I play it now?
OK, playing for you.	The 18 Martial Arts has played for you.
OK, you're welcome. Please enjoy it.	Yeah, you're welcome. Enjoy it.
It's 7 am.	OK, today is 8:00 a.m. on December 13, 2018. It's a good day!
[2] You're welcome. My pleasure. Today is mostly cloudy with southeast winds. The high will be 13 ℃, and low 3 ℃.	[2] Today is sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 4 ℃, and low - 5 ℃. A little bit cold. Keep you warm.
My pleasure. My pleasure.	This is what I should do for you.
OK, bye!	OK, have a good life. See you next time!
Today is October 26, 2018.	Today is May 17, 2018.
[2] Do you know today is Leehom Wang's birthday?	[2] You're welcome. Today is also the birthday of the star Leehom Wang.
He is also the Best Male Singer in Hong Kong and Taiwan region of the 15th Global Chinese Music Awards.	Yes, he is an international idol.
[3] Yes, his songs are really good! Do you want to listen to his All the Things You Never Knew? The melody of the song is catchy. The whole song is full of the creator's thinking and confusion about love.	[3] Yes, the style of his song The Sun Washed by Spring Rain is light and lively. The main tone of the song is played by light and lively guitar, which playfully shows humor. This song is a rare folk song style of Leehom Wang.
Yes, it's very popular.	It's very popular.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Well, may I play it now?
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, playing for you.
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
I'm so happy today. I got a bonus.	Today's work is OK, just a little tired.
Yes, a lot of pressure.	No, I'm too busy to eat.
My name is Pinglu Liu.	My name is Yuzhen Hu.
Yes.	Yes.
I'm 51 years old.	I'm 52.
I usually like watching movies.	I usually like listening to music.
See ya!	OK, see ya!
OK, playing now.	OK, it's playing for you.
[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend another song All the Things You Never Knew by Leehom Wang. It's a classic Chinese style song.	[2] You're welcome. His Self Directed Act  is also good. It's an R & B style song. Would you like to listen to it?
Then you must listen to his song Another Self. It won't let you down.	How about Floral Sea?  It's a song full of island style. Jay Chou sings with island singing. It's healing.
Yes, it's a very affectionate song.	It's really nice.
[3] May I play it for you now?	[3] OK, may I play it for you?
OK, it's playing for you.	Okay, please enjoy it.
OK, see ya!	See ya!
Good afternoon.	Good afternoon.
I'm in a good mood.	I've lagged behind in my study. I feel terrible.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Jiaofei Qian.
Yes, you are so smart.	Of course.
I'm six years old.	I'm 26.
I like stars, watching movies and listening to music.	Yes, I'm a fangirl and I love following the news of my favorite star.
[6] Yeah. I'm going to bed. Bye.	[6] Yeah, I'm going to have a meal. Talk to you next time.
The weather today is cloudy with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 21 ℃ and the minimum temperature will be 12 ℃.	It will turn from sunny to cloudy with southwest wind in Hangzhou today. The highest temperature will be 17℃, and the lowest temperature will be 5℃. Please keep warm!
[2] It's a perfect day to have Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili.	[2] Hee hee, it's my pleasure. It's a good day for listening to You're Not Here. This song expresses the loneliness and powerlessness for love between men and women, which has strong penetrating power.
It's a very popular song. Many people like it.	It's very good. Someone said that when he is listening to the song, the pictures are below his eyes. It's a song that can strike a chord in the heart.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
You're Not Here is playing for you.	It's playing.
OK, goodbye!	OK, talk later. Bye!
It's 8 p.m.	It's 8:00 in the morning.
[2] Thank you. I also know that today is mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 20 ℃, and low 12 ℃.	[2] Hey hey, I wanna remind you that it’s very cold today. Please keep warm! It’s sunny with northwest wind. The highest temperature will be -10℃, and the lowest temperature will be -16℃.
Keep warm.	Be sure to put on more clothes. Don't catch a cold.
You're welcome. I'm glad to serve you.	Not at all.
Bye!	See you.
Good evening.	Good evening!
It's OK. Work is easy.	I've been bored these days.
I like the movie Crazy Stone best.	It's Crazy Stone.
It must be Hsu Chi.	I like Bo Huang best.
Yeah, he's my idol.	Yeah, he is very good at acting.
Yeah, he's an excellent actor.	After all, he has won the China Film Director's Guild Awards for Actor of the Year.
I've seen it.	I've seen it.
Who is the director?	Who is the director of it?
Then I'll see it.	Well, I'll see it sometime.
OK, see ya!	[6] Okay, bye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	ikt's August 26, 2018.
[2] Today is Nicholas Tse's birthday.	[2] Today is the birthday of the actor Bo Huang.
Yes, Bo Huang has won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actor.	Speaking of Bo Huang, he has not only won the 19th Huading Awards for Best Actor, but also won the China Film Director's Guild Awards for Actor of the Year.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend a movie Bo Huang starred. It's called Impossible to Miss You. It's very good and worth watching.	[3] Yeah. By the way, here's a movie for you called Crazy Racer. It's a good movie, which is well-structured and well-conceived.
It's an action movie with action and plot.	It's an action comedy.
Glad to know that you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	Okay. Bye.
Yes. It's Xun Zhou.	Flying Swords of Dragon Gate is starred by Xun Zhou.
[2] Ha ha, I also know that Xun Zhou won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress in China Film.	[2] Hehe, thanks! Let's talk about her. She is a real Jiangnan girl who is soft outside and strong inside.
You have a good taste. She has won the Best Actress of the Asian Film Awards and the Best Actress of the Golden Horse Awards.	Well, she has won the Asian Film Awards for Best Actress. She's very good at acting.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend her movie, I'm Sorry, to you. After watching it, you will have a different feeling.	[3] It is recommended that you go to see Hema Hema: Sing Me a Song While I Wait starred by her. The film gave a best interpretation for Bardo.
[4] Then I'd like to recommend Rene's movie, Run Papa Run, to you. I hope you'll like it.	[4] How about Run Papa Run? It tells a warm story between father and daughter.
The director is Chucheng Ma.	Yes, it's Sylvia Chang.
I'm sure you'll like it.	You're going to love it.
Bye!	OK.
Today is September 16, 2018.	Hello, it's September 12, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is also the birthday of Mi Yang.	[2] You're welcome. Today is the birthday of Mi Yang, who is a popular actress.
You have a good taste. She has won the Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress.	She has won the Magnolia Award for Most Popular Actress at Shanghai TV Festival. It's a big honor.
[3] Well, you can watch the movie named Unforgetable which is starred by her. It's a movie about memories.	[3] Would you like to see the movie L.O.R.D（Legend of Ravaging Dynasties) starred by her? The grand scenes and the exquisite special effects will make you excited.
The score is 7.4.	It's 4.5.
I'm sure you'll like it.	It won't let you down.
Bye!	Bye!
Good morning.	Good morning, cutie.
I'm a little stressful on study recently.	I've been taking care of my grandson recently. I'm so tired.
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	Yers, my name is Qiqin Xing.
You're right.	Yes, you are so smart.
55 years old.	I'm 55 years old.
I usually like to listen to music and watch the news.	Yes, I like following news of stars, watching movies and news.
Yeah, bye!	OK, see ya!
Good morning.	Good evening.
I'm on my way home.	I'm going to go to work.
My name is Pinglu Liu.	My name is Lina Yang.
Ha ha, yes, you are so smart.	I'm old. What kind of beauty am I?
37 years old.	55.0
I like listening to music.	Nothing but watching movies.
[6] Yeah, I'm going to work. Talk later.	[6] Yes, it is. I'm going to work. Bye!
Today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be - 1 ℃ and low - 14 ℃. Be sure to keep warm.	There's light rain with northeast wind in Hefei today, dear. The highest temperature will be 12℃, and the lowest temperature will be 8℃.
[2] Well, it's a good day to eat Sautéed Shredded Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] Yeah, it's a good day for Marinated Fish.
It's a very popular hot dish.	That's great! The grilled grouper smells wonderful.
[3] OK, I won't disturb you, goodbye.	Well, I'm sure you'll like it.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
OK, the song From Now On is playing for you.	OK, playing now.
[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend another song of Leehom Wang. The song Where Are You Now is very good. The melody is smooth and the rhythm is lively.	[2] I wanna recommend to you another song called Like That by Kris Wu. I can only say that it's great!
Then another song called Another Myself is recommended to you. The lyrics are full of emotion and full of the creator's thinking and confusion about the future. Kris Wu's face is really beautiful.	How about November Rain? It's very catchy. Many people like it very much. Don't miss it!
Mm-hmm. you can listen to it.	Yeah, you'll love it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want to hear it now?
OK, playing now.	Playing now.
Not a problem at all, as long as you like it!	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	OK, goodbye.
OK, it's playing for you.	Sure, no problem.
[2] My pleasure. I'd like to recommend another good song Self Directed Act by Jay Chou. It's a song about memories. It's very catchy.	[2] My pleasure. Here's another song for you called July. It's urban electronic music with a distinctive style. Give it a try!
How about There's a Place? It's a song about memories. I recommend it to you.	All right, what about Hold Me Down? It tells a story that a boy falls in love with a girl without fear for gossip and he loves her selflessly. This song is a gift for Kris Wu in Chinese Valentine's Day.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	You're gonna love it.
[3] May I play it for you now?	[3] Shall I play it for you now?
I'm on it.	OK, it's playing.
I'm glad you like it.	Glad to know that you like it.
Bye!	Bye!
It's sunny early and cloudy later. Northeast winds. The high will be 14 ℃ and low 4 ℃.	It's cloudy before it turns to light rain with no continuous wind direction. The highest temperature will be 21℃, and the lowest temperature will be 15℃. Remember to bring an umbrella with you when you go out!
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable to eat Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] You're welcome. It's a good day for Braised Chicken with Potato and Green Pepper.
Braised Chicken with Potato and Green Pepper is delicious.	The hot dish is very popular.
[3] I recommend you to order it at Bailechuan Roasted Fish. It tastes great.	Yes, it's great.
Bye!	All right. Bye!
It's Jay Chou.	It's Jay Chou.
[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Jay Chou, he's a superstar in the music world.	[2] You know what? Jay has won the MTV Asia Awards for Most Popular Artist twice.
You have a good taste. He is also the Most Popular Male Singer of MTV Asia Awards twice.	He's a duitiful son, famous in the entertainment circle.
[3] I'd like to recommend a song of him, I'm Really Hurt, to you. It's a good song. It's also the theme song of the public welfare activity Families with Children.	[3] I recommend you listen to Snake Dance by him. It's very catchy. The whole song combines Egyptian and Middle Eastern folk music with hip-hop. Jay created a unique and charming hip-hop duet song.
Yes, it's very popular.	It's a song he sings for others.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want to listen to it now? I can play it for you.
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
Bye!	See ya!
It's 8 a.m.	It's 22:00.
[2] Hee hee, it's cloudy with northeast winds today. The high will be 23 ℃ and low 19 ℃.	[2] Thanks! I wanna remind you that it's sunny with south wind in Yinchuan today. The highest temperature will be 16℃, and the lowest temperature will be 3℃.
My pleasure.	Hee hee, my pleasure. Please keep warm!
Bye!	OK. Bye!
Today is October 18, 2018.	It's January 18, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is Jay Chou's birthday.	[2] Today is also Jay Chou's birthday.
Yes, he is the king of Asia.	Yeah, it is.
You have a good taste. He has won the Hong Kong Film Awards for Best Actor.	He's an excellent idol who is also handsome and talented. Who wouldn't like him?
[3] Then you should listen to his Heartburn. It's a song with a story.	[3] Here's a song by him for you. It's called Rooftop and it's in a typical Jay style. It is undeniable that this song has strong artistic characteristics of Jay Chou.
Yes, it's a very popular song. You can listen to it.	It's amazing!
[4] How about playing it for you?	[4] Haha! Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	OK, it's playing for you.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Yes.	Yeah, it goes so fast!
Not bad. I did well in the exam.	Not bad. It's easy for me.
Not really for movie at the moment	I don't want to talk about movies right now.
Of course, she's my favorite star.	Yeah, I like her.
Yes, she is excellent.	Yeah, I'm a big fan of her. I love the movies and songs by her.
I'm not interested in this song.	I've listened to it when it was popular.
That sounds good.	Sounds good! Is it catchy?
Okay, then I'll listen to it.	Well, I'll listen to it.
Sure.	Sure, please.
[6] Thank you. Talk later.	[6] That's my idol, who sings so well. I get home now. Talk later!
Bye!	All right. Bye!
It's 8 p.m.	It's 7:00 a.m.
[2] It's mostly cloudy with southeast winds in Shanghai today. The high will be 26 ℃ and low 20 ℃.	[2] Hey hey! I wanna remind you that it's a little cold today.There's light rain before it is clear with southwest wind. The maximum temperature will be 8℃, and the minimum temperature will be 0℃. Please keep warm!
My pleasure.	My pleasure.
Bye!	All right. Bye!
Of course. It's Leslie Cheung.	Yes, it's Leslie Cheung.
[2] Leslie Cheung is a legendary figure. He was the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	[2] You're welcome. He won the Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards for Most Popular Male Singer and the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor. He was an excellent superstar.
[3] After all, he is a famous artist in Hong Kong. Do you like his songs?	Yeah. The movie Farewell My Concubine he starred in won the Golden Palm Award.
[3] Yes, since you like Leslie Cheung so much, I'd like to recommend a song he sang, The Sun Washed by Spring Rain, to you. It's a classic lyric song.	[3] Since you like him so much. I'd like to recommend the song Side Face to you. It's a representative song of him.
It's very popular.	Well, his voice is so sexy that you'll be lost in it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you need me to play this song for you?
OK, Side Face is playing for you.	OK, it's playing for you.
OK, see ya!	Talk later. Goodbye.
Jackie Chan.	Yeah, it's Jackie Chan, a Chinese superstar who ventures out to Hollywood.
[2] Jackie Chan is an all-around artist.	[2] You're welcome. Let's talk about Jackie Chan. He becomes a Best Actor from nobody.
Yes, he is a star with a family and a home. He is very powerful.	Yes, life was hard for him. I feel sorry for that.
[3] I just know that he is a great actor. I recommend you to see his film Jackie Chan: The Lost Legend.	[3] The movie Traces of a Dragon: Jackie Chan & His Lost Family starred by him is great. You can see it as a pure documentary. Don't miss it.
It's 6.4.	8.1. It's very high.
It won't let you down.	It won't let you down.
See ya!	OK, goodbye!
Today is April 28, 2018.	July 10, 2018
[2] Today is Jacky Cheung's birthday.	[2] I wanna remind you that today is the birthday of your idol Jacky Cheung, the singer from Hong kong.
He also won the Best Supporting Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards and the Best Original Film Song of the Asian Film Awards.	Well, after all, he has won the Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards for Most Popular Male Singer.
[3] Yes, do you want to listen to his song Chinese Zodiac (Live)? It's very good. It's a very good song.	[3] Do you want to see A Chinese Ghost Story II: The Tao In Human World starred by him? It's a classic movie.
It's a historical film about the struggle of the Chinese people.	It's a movie with love, action and fantasy. You will definitely be attracted by it.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Hope you like it.
Bye!	Bye!
He's 180cm.	Yes, he is 180cm tall.
[2] Thank you. I also know that he has won the Best Actor of the 12th China Changchun Film Festival.	[2] It's nothing. I remember that he has won the 29th Golden Rooster Award for Best Actor.
Yes, he has also won the 15th Golden Phoenix Awards for Best Actor.	He has also won the Best Actor at the 12th China Changchun Film Festival. And he was awarded the Top Ten Outstanding Youth in Shandong Province.
[3] Do you want to see his movie? I'd like to recommend it to you.	[3] Yes. I'd like to recommend to you The Last Tycoon starred by him. It's a good movie. You can kill the time with it when bored.
It's 7.3.	It's 7.
Yeah, you're gonna love it.	That'll be worth seeing.
All right. Bye!	See ya!
Nothing, just staying at home.	Nothing. I've finished my homework. I feel very relaxed.
Of course.	Yeah, sure. I love making friends.
My name is Ming Sun.	Sure. Hello, my friend! My name is Qixiang Qian.
I'm a lady, of course.	The latter.
I'm 27 years old.	I'm 18.
I like small animals and watching animation.	Of course it's listening to music at home and following the news of stars.
[6] Ha ha, I'm going to have dinner. Let's talk next time.	[6] Oh, my friend, I'm going to class.
Bye!	Bye!
It's 8 p.m.	It's 6:00 p.m. on October 11, 2018.
[2] Don't mention it. By the way, it's sunny with northwest winds today. The high will be 18 ℃ and low 8 ℃.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, it's sunny with northeast wind in Xuzhou today. The highest temperature will be 21℃, and the lowest temperature will be 8℃. The temperature varies a lot. Please keep warm!
My pleasure.	Hehe, my pleasure.
See ya!	OK. Talk later, bye!
Today's weather is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 21 ℃ and low 14 ℃.	It's snowy with northwest wind. The highest temperature will be -5℃, and the lowest temperature will be -10℃.
[2] It's a good day to eat Marinated Fish.	[2] Well, put on more clothes. I think it's suitable for you to eat Marinated Fish in such weather.
Yes, Marinated Fish made of grouper is delicious.	The hot dish is very popular.
[3] Yes. I recommend you to order Marinated Fish in Xiangfulou Hunan Restaurant. It tastes great.	[3] I recommend that you eat it at Pinshang Grilled Fish (Wuyi Road Store). It's great!
47.0	62 yuan.
The address is No.74-5, Wuyi Road, Yanta District (near Nan'erjing Street).	It's located at  No.2 public Building, haiyueyuan Community, Wuyi Road, Jinzhou District, next to He Xiangu Hotpot.
It's 4.5.	5 points.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you right away.	Sure, no problem.
All right. Bye!	All right. Bye!
Hello, today is September 12, 2018.	Good afternoon. It's April 28, 2018.
[2] You know what? Today is the birthday of Jiong He.	[2] I'm here for you. By the way, today is the birthday of Jiong He, who is a famous host.
He also won the Excellent Host Award of China TV Golden Eagle Award.	He has won the Best Host of Hunan Satellite TV and was nominated for Best Host of Entertainment Show at Asian TV Festival in 2009.
[3] I'd like to recommend a song named Self Directed Act to you. It's very catchy. You can listen to it.	[3] He's good not only at hosting, but also at singing, which is rarely known by people. Lonely Shadow is very catchy. Here I recommend it to you.
This song is very nice. You can try it.	Yes, his gentle voice warms many people's hearts. Where there is light, there is shadow. So you are not alone. Give it a try!
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?
Lonely Shadow is playing for you.	It's playing for you.
OK, see ya!	Then I'll leave you alone now. Bye.
Yes, his birthday is July 10th.	Sure, no problem. It's July 10, 1961.
[2] You're welcome. After all, Jacky Cheung is one of the Ten Outstanding Young Persons of Hong Kong.	[2] You're welcome. He is a famous singer from Hong Kong.
He has won the Golden Melody Award for Best Male Mandarin Singer, the Golden Needle Award for Best Male Mandarin Singer, the Golden Needle Award for Best Singer in Hong Kong and the Golden Needle Award for Best Leading Actor.	Sure. He has won a lot of awards, such as the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Original Film Song, the Golden Horse Award for Best Supporting Actor, and the Golden Horse Award for Best Actor.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend his song Self Directed Act to you. It's very catchy.	[3] Yeah, he's not only good at singing, but also acting. His movie Perhaps Love is quite a surprise, in which singing and dancing are awesome.Go and see for yourself.
It's a love movie with sincere feelings.	No. It's about love.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Believe me, you will like it.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
It's 12:00 at noon.	10:00 p.m
[2] You're welcome. Today is cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 2 ℃ and low - 6 ℃. Be sure to keep warm.	[2] Hey hey! By the way, there's light rain before it turns sunny with north wind today. The highest temperature will be 20℃, and the lowest temperature will be 10℃. The temperature varies a lot.
It's what I should do.	Hey hey, you're welcome.
OK, see ya!	Okay, bye.
Today's weather is light rain to cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 20 ℃ and low 15 ℃.	Hello. There's light rain before it turns cloudy with south wind in Nanchang today. The highest temperature will be 16℃, and the lowest temperature will be 8℃. Remember to bring an umbrella with you when you go out!
[2] I'm flattered. This kind of weather is very suitable for eating Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] Ha ha, I also know that it's a good day to eat Hand-Shredded Chicken.
Yes, it's a very popular cold dish.	The free range chicken in it is very nutritious. And the ingredients can be made based on personal taste.
Then you can try it.	[3] You can eat it at Made in Human(Jiandeguan Store). It's great!
Yes, it is. The price per person is 40 yuan. The score is 4.2.	Sure. It costs 45 yuan per person with a score of 5. It's opposite to the Elan Hotel, Jiandeguan Street No.149, Donghu District.
Sure, no problem.	OK, I've made a reservation for you. It won't let you down.
Bye!	Byebye!
It's 8:00 a.m.	It's 6:00 p.m. on December 18, 2008.
[2] Do you want to know about the weather?	[2] You’re welcome. It's sunny with southwest wind today. The highest temperature will be 4℃, and the lowest temperature will be -2℃. Please keep warm!
My pleasure.	Not at all, it's my pleasure.
Bye!	Bye!
Xiaoming Huang.	It's Jimmy Lin.
[2] Thank you. Jimmy Lin is a perfect man in the show business.	[2] Hee hee, sure. He is known as a forever-young man, so I paid more attention to him, haha!
You have a good taste. Jimmy Lin won the Best Actor of Tokyo International Film Festival.	Ha ha! His face is pleasing, but don't overlook his acting skills. He has won the Most Influential All-around Idol.
[3] Have you seen his movie? He is a very good actor. I recommend you to see his "Tales of A Dragon: A Years Later". It's very good.	[3] Hehe, if you like him, don't miss A Home Too Far II. It's a movie of backbone of the nation and loyal soul of the country. He performed very well in it.
The director is Kevin Chu.	It's Yanping Zhu.
I'm sure you'll like it.	All right.
Bye!	OK, listen carefully in class. Bye!
Today's weather is cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 21 ℃ and low 13 ℃.	It's sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 19 ℃, and low 9 ℃ in Ganzhou.
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for eating Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] You are welcome. It's suitable to listen to music at home at night. Would you like to listen to The 18 Martial Arts? The combination of diversified music styles can make people happy.
Leehom Wang.	The singer of this song is Leehom Wang.
[3] May I play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, it's playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	You're welcome. I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	OK,goodbye.
Xiaoming Huang.	Hsu Chi
[2] Speaking of Hsu Chi, she's the goddess of entertainment. Of course I know her.	[2] Speaking of Hsu Chi, I also know that she has won the Chinese Film Media Award for Most Anticipated Actress.
You have a good taste. She is also the Best Actress of Houston International Film Festival.	Yeah, she is a talented actress.
[3] Do you want to see her movie, A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream?	[3] Yes. By the way, here's a movie for you called Mojin-The Lost Legend, which is starred by her. It's a good movie. It's consistent with the original work to the greatest extent.
7.4.	7.5, not bad.
You're welcome. My pleasure.	You are welcome.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
I'm very good recently, and I've made progress in my study.	Good evening! I'm good. I've been busy with promotion.
Thank you.	thank you.
I like the movie named Chongqing Blues.	It's Chongqing Blues.
I like Xiaoming Huang best.	Bingbing Fan, of course.
Yes, I really like her.	She is a typical northerner, generous and gorgeous. That's why so many people like her.
Yes, she is very clever.	Wow, I really envy her!
I've seen this one. Any other recommendations?	I've seen it. Are there any other movies?
What kind of movie is it?	Who is the director?
OK, I'll watch it.	How about the reputation?
OK, I'll see it when I have time.	I'll see it at weekends.
[6] Okay, bye.	[6] OK. Talk later, bye!
Uh huh.	Uh huh.
Today is October 18, 2018.	Today is September 27, 2018.
[2] Today is also Bingbing Fan's birthday.	[2] You know what? Today is Andy Lau's birthday.
You also know that he has won the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	He is famous for his good temper. And he is the image ambassador of centuries of Chinese movies and he has also won the Most Contributory Actor in Asia at Busan Film Festival.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song named There Is a Place to you. It tells us that memories are born in people's hearts, and when they are forgotten, they will turn into dust.	[3] Since you like him so much, I'd like to recommend to you the movie 1:99 Shorts starred by him. It's about the memories of spring in 2003. It's great!
It's a love movie. The reputation is good.	It's a short film with a good reputation. The score is 7.7. It's a good film.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I'm sure you'll like it.
OK, see ya!	Then I won't bother you, goodbye.
Good morning!	Good afternoon!
I'm happy to chat with you. I've been promoted recently.	I'm very happy. I've got nothing to do.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	Not really for movies at the moment.
Yeah, Jimmy Lin is my favorite star.	I know. He is a sunny young man. I always remember when he was a 17-year-old boy.
Wow, he's great!	Yeah, I don't know how to describe him. He's too perfect!
I've heard it. I'm not interested in this song.	I've heard this song before.
What's the score?	Sounds interesting. Is it catchy?
I'll listen to it.	I'd like to give it a try.
Sure.	OK.
It's really good. I like it very much.	OK, thank you.
Bye!	OK, bye!
There you go.	OK, it's playing for you.
[2] I'm flattered. Do you like them? I'd like to recommend one of their songs to you. It's called Hope for Love. You can listen to it.	[2] Then don't miss the song Begone Love by Leslie Cheung. Old songs are like old wine. The older they are, the more mellow they become. It is the most unforgettable song among his other songs.
Yes, his Bridge of Faith is also very wonderful. It's a song full of the creator's thinking.	Yes, The Years Flow Like Water also sung by Leslie. With the unique and sexy voice, he moved countless people. It was among Hong Kong Top 20 Gold Songs in 1997.
[3] Can I play it for you now?	Well, Leslie sang the two songs differently. I have to say that he was really excellent.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
Playing now. Please enjoy it.	Okay. I'll play The The Years Flow Like Water for you now.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
See ya!	OK, bye!
Today's weather report for Hengshui: Light rain to sleet. Variable winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 4 ℃. Remember to take an umbrella when you go out.	Yes, it's cloudy with south wind today. The highest temperature will be 18℃, and the lowest temperature will be 8℃. It's a good day.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, this kind of weather is very suitable for listening to The 18 Martial Arts. It's a well-known song among Leehom Wang's fans.	[2] You're welcome. It's suitable to eat Sweet and Sour Spare Ribs in such weather.
The most important thing is that you will feel warm after eating this hot dish.	It's a hot dish. You'll feel warm after eating it.
[3] You can order Sweet and Sour Spare Ribs in Zhongtian Food Sichuan Cuisine. It's very good.	[3] You can order it at the Chishangyin Roasted Fish.
It's 50 yuan per person.	Only 18 yuan.
No.18-19 Zhongshan Road, Xinshi District (behind Changfeng theater).	The address is No. 139 Longyao Xinhua West Street(50 meters west of Chinatown Children's Park).
The score is 4.5. It's very good.	3.5. It's very high.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you.	OK, no problem.
OK, bye!	See ya!
Good morning!	Good morning.
On the way to work.	I'm listening to music on my way to work.
I like Love of Houston best.	Fireworks Cool Easily.
Yes, I like him very much.	Yes, I always like songs by him.
Yeah, he's excellent.	I'm so proud of him!
Sorry, I'm not interested in this song.	I've listened to it before. I don't want to listen now.
Sounds good.	Is it Jay's latest song?
Well, I'll listen to it.	Then I must listen to it.
Sure.	Yes, thank you!
Thank you.	[6] I love every song by Jay. I'm at the company now. Talk to you next time.
OK.	Mm-hmm.
He's a Libra.	Well, it's Libra.
[2] Thank you. Jim Lin is a perfect man.	[2] Of course. I also know that he was the annual champion of the 2001 Taiwan Supercar Race.
He is also a model worker in the entertainment industry. He has also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor.	Well, his acting skills are also very good! He has won the Huading Award for Best Actor as an inspirational idol.
[3] Then you should watch the movie named Impossible to Miss You starred by him. It's a typical Hong Kong style movie.	[3] Here's a good movie for you called A Home Too Far II, which is starred by him. It's a liitle touching. I wanna recommend it to you.
It's good.	Not bad.
Sure.	OK, have a good time!
Bye!	Bye!
Today in Fuzhou it will turn from light rain to cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 8 ℃.	It's sunny with southwest wind today. The highest temperature will be 2℃, and the lowest temperature will be -7℃. Please keep warm!
[2] You're welcome. It's suitable to eat Mapo Tofu in such weather.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, it's a good day to eat poached spicy slices of pork.
This hot dish is really good. You can try it.	It's a hot dish you shouldn't miss today.
OK, I hope you like it.	[3] The dish at Xinyue Sichuan Cuisine tastes great.
47 yuan.	35 yuan.
It's at the No. 226 Shida Road, Yanta District (near ICBC Shida branch).	It's No. 2 Store at Nanchang Green New Building, Pingfang District (Jian'an Toudao Street No. 3-2).
It's 3.9.	It's 3.7.
OK, I'm on it.	Ok, I've booked for you.
Bye!	Bye!
I'm staying at home.	I've got nothing to do at home.
Yes, I will.	Oh, forget it!
My favorite movie is Princess and Seven Kung Fu Masters.	It's Princess and Seven Kung Fu Masters.
I like Ruby Lin best.	I like Na Xie best.
Yes, she is excellent. I like her very much.	Ha ha, I like the programs she hosts very much.
Yeah, she's excellent	I like her very much.
I've seen it.	Yes, I've seen it.
Uh huh, I'll see it.	What kind of film is this?
I'll see it when I have time.	I will see it.
[6] OK, I'm gonna go to bed. Talk to you next time.	[6] I've got stuff to do now. Talk later!
Bye!	See ya!
Yes. It's Taurus.	Yes, it's Aquarius.
[2] You're welcome. Ruby Lin is a very talented actress. She has won the Most Popular Actress of the Magnolia Award of Shanghai TV Festival.	[2] You're welcome. She won the 19th Chinese TV Drama of Huading Awards for Best Actress. She's a sweet beauty, very popular.
And she's also a good actress who works hard.	You've liked her for so long! It's amazing!
[3] I'd like to recommend you a movie starred by her. It's called Unforgetable.	[3] Here's a movie for you. It's called Last Winner, which is starred by her. The plot is cogerent. It's a typical comedy.
Besides Ruby Lin, there are Chao Deng and Haoxiang Peng.	There are Ricky Hui, Samuel Hui and Jia Mai besides Ruby Lin.
It won't let you down.	OK, don't miss it.
Bye!	OK. Bye!
Today is October 26, 2018.	Today is September 16, 2018.
[2] It's Bingbing Fan's birthday.	[2] By the way, today is the birthday of red carpet star Bingbing Fan.
Yes, she has also won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress.	She's a beauty with great acting skills. She has won the Golden Horse Award for Best Supporting Actress.
[3] I'd like to recommend a movie starred by her, A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream, an episode of World of Sword. It's very good.	[3] You can watch her movie New Shaolin Temple, in which she dies for righteousness.
It's a comedy with good reputation.	It's an action feature film with a good reputation.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I'm sure you'll like it.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Today is April 7, 2018.	Today is August 26, 2018.
[2] It's also Bo Huang's birthday.	[2] Sure. By the way, today is the birthday of the famous star Bo Huang.
He has won the Best Actor Award of the Chinese Film Media Award and the Best Actor Award of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	Sure. He has won the China Film Director's Guild Awards for Actor of the Year, the Golden Horse Award for Best Actor, the Best Actor of Beijing Student Television Festival and the 19th Huading Award for Best Actor.
[3] Hehe, I'd like to recommend a song to you. It's called There Is a Place. It's a song that emphasizes the memory of childhood. It's very nice. You can listen to it.	[3] It seems that you like him very much. Here's a movie for you called The Miracle World, which is starred by him. Such an excellent short film is not common in China.
The director is Fangfang Li.	The director is Hao Ning.
Yes. You'll like it.	Yeah, it's really worth watching.
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
Hello, today is cloudy with northeast wind, the highest temperature is 13℃, the lowest temperature is 2℃. Please keep warm.	It's cloudy with light rain and southwest wind today. The highest temperature will be 17℃, and the lowest temperature will be 1℃. Remember to cover the quilt over yourself at night.
[2] This kind of weather is very suitable for eating Mapo Tofu.	[2] Today's weather is good for boiled fish with pickled cabbage and chili.
That's good. It's nutrient-rich.	Well, solid fish is delicious and contains low calories. You can eat more of it.
[3] If you want to eat, I recommend you to go to Yufeiyu Fashion Hunan Cuisine. It's their speciality.	Yes, it can't be more comfortable to eat such hot food on a cold day.
Talk later, bye!	Goodbye.
It's 10 p.m.	It's 10 p.m.
[2] You're welcome. It's cloudy to light rain with northeast winds today in Wuxi. The high temperature will be 20 ℃ and the low will be 10 ℃.	[2] You are welcome. By the way, it's cloudy with northeast wind  today. The highest temperature will be -14℃, and the lowest temperature will be -19℃. Please keep warm!
My pleasure.	You're welcome.
Bye!	OK, goodbye!
It's Leehom Wang.	Yes, it's Leehom Wang.
[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Leehom Wang, he has won the Golden Melody Award for Best Mandarin Male Singer twice.	[2] Leehom Wang has won the Annual Best Male Singer in the Global Chinese Golden Chart.
Besides, he has also won the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart and the Best Male Singer of Taiwan Golden Melody Awards.	He is very famous and excellent. Even though he grew up abroad, he is still a handsome Chinese man. And he has won the Favourite Artist Taiwan at the MTV Asia Awards.
[3] Leehom Wang's song The 18 Martial Arts is very good. It is a great hip-hop song. Do you want to hear it?	[3] I wanna recommend his song Beautiful to you. Originally, it was a light and witty soundtrack in a movie. With the rearrangement of Leehom Wang, it has become a highly internationally recognized song. It's great!
Then you can't miss it.	Give it a try. Don't miss it!
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	It's playing.
OK, see ya!	See ya!
It's Xiaoming Huang.	Hsu Chi.
[2] I also know that Hsu Chi is the Best Actress of the Asian Film Awards.	[2] Ha ha, I'm flattered. Speaking of Hsu Chi, she's an excellent actress. She has won the Huabiao Award for Excellent Actress.
Yes, she also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress.	And she used to be a member of the jury at Cannes International Film Festival.
[3] Haha, do you want to watch the movie starred by her? It's called The Bare-Footed Kid. You can have a look.	[3] Ha ha, since you like her so much, I'd like to recommend to you the movie Mojin-The Lost Legend starred by her. It further expands the plot of the original work. The characters are full of emotion. The plot is rich and complete.
It's a love movie.	It's a movie with fantasy, adventure and drama.
I'm sure you'll like it.	You're gonna love it.
See ya!	Bye!
It's sunny with northwest winds in Qingdao. The high will be 20 ℃ and low 8 ℃.	It's cloudy with northeast wind today. The highest temperature will be 20℃, and the lowest temperature will be 10℃.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers.	[2] It's a good day for Duck Blooding Chili Sauce.
The most important thing is that you'll feel warm after eating this hot dish.	Hey hey, Duck Blood Tripe is the essence of this dish.
You can try it today.	You can eat it today. There's still time.
OK, I won't disturb you. Bye!	OK, see ya!
His birthday is November 6th.	It was October 26, 1965.
[2] Speaking of Aaron Kwok, he is the Best Actor of Hong Kong Film Awards.	[2] He's an international movie star. It's not surprising that I know something about him.
Yes, he is also the Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.	He also acts very well. He has won lots of international acting awards, such as the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actor.
[3] Since you like him so much, I recommend you to listen to his song Self Directed Act, which has a good rhythm.	[3] Yeah. Do you want to see the movie Anna Magdalena starred by him? It's a perfect movie. Don't miss it!
It's a feature film.	It's a romantic comedy.
It won't let you down.	It won't let you down!
Bye!	Good night.
I'm on my way home.	I'm bored, and the work is boring.
Sure.	OK.
Not really for movie at the moment.	But I don't want to talk about movies now.
Okay, I like her very much.	I like her very much. She has also won the Golden Bauhinia Award for Best Leading Actress.
Yes, she's also very good at acting.	Yes, the change she brings every time amazed me.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I'm not interested in this song.
Sounds good.	Mm-hmm, sounds like a good song.
OK, thank you.	I'll give it a try.
Sure.	OK. Thank you very much!
[6] It's really good. I'm home. Talk later.	It's great! I like it very much. Thanks for your recommendation.
Bye!	Bye!
Hello, today is October 18, 2018.	Good evening. It's October 26, 2018.
[2] Hee hee, it's also the birthday of the star Jimmy Lin.	[2] You're welcome. Today is the birthday of Aaron Kwok, one of the Hongkong Four Heavenly Kings. He was born on October 26, 1965.
Yes, he has also won the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	Well, he is very loving. He used to be the ambassador of the Hong Kong Committee of the United Nations Children's Fund.
[3] Yes, do you want to see his movie? The movie Port of Call, starred by Aaron Kwok, tells a story of a boy who is born with autism and begins to learn from his parents. I hope you will like it.	[3] Then go to see the movie Port of Call starred by him. It's great! The atmosphere, the actors and the music are all good.
It's a comedy.	It's a suspense movie with crime and drama.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Well, I won't let you down.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
His birthday is July 10th.	Yes, it's July 10th.
[2] You're welcome. He is one of the Top Ten Outstanding Young People in the world, and has won the Golden Needle Award, the highest honor in Hong Kong music industry.	[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Jacky Cheung, he is a well-deserved superstar. He has won the Most Popular Asian Artist of ChannelV.
You have a good eye. He has also won the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards and the Best Actor of the Golden Horse Awards.	He has also won the Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards. Besides, he was awarded as one of the Ten Outstanding Young Persons in the World.
[3] He also won the Golden Needle Award, which is the highest honor in Hong Kong music circle. Do you want to listen to it?	[3] The Crescent by him is great. Even in the 1980s, when there were many good Cantonese songs, it was a masterpiece handed down from generation to generation. You can listen to it.
It won't let you down.	I'm sure you'll like it. Many people get emotional after listening to it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Shall I play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	It's on.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	Bye, next time.
Hello, I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	I've been under a lot of pressure recently.
OK, I'll try my best.	Thanks for your encouragement. I will.
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	My name is Xiaoling Hao.
I'm a man.	I'm a girl.
I'm 18 years old.	I'm just 18 years old.
I like watching movies and news.	Yes. I'm interested in stars and movies. And I like listening to music very much.
Well, I like listening to You Hate Me So Much.	Yes, I like listening to Chinese Soul a lot.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Yeah. I'm getting at the company. Talk to you next time.
It's cloudy with northeast wind today. The highest temperature is 11℃, and the lowest temperature is 2℃.	Hello! It will turn from sunny to cloudy with west wind. The highest temperature will be 18℃, and the lowest temperature will be 8℃. The temperature is moderate.
[2] I'm flattered. It's a perfect day to have Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili.	[2] My pleasure. I tell you what, it's a good day to eat Marinated Fish.
Marinated grouper is delicious.	It's very nutritious. The grouper tastes wonderful, hehe!
[3] You can order Marinated Fish at King Chef Sichuan Cuisine.	[3] There's a good restaurant I wanna recommend to you. It's called Shengtang Fish&Bullfrog No.1 Resyaurant. The Marinated Fish at this store tastes very delicious!
The price per capita is 39 yuan.	It costs 50 yuan per person, which is quite cheap.
No.18, Qingnian Road, Hanjiang District.	It's in Qinyuanchun No.3, Shop No.18, Tianyi Street, Huishan District. Originally, it was called Tang Ding Marinated Fish.
The score is 3.5. It's very high.	It's 4.1.
Sure, no problem.	Sure, no problem.
OK, goodbye!	Okay, go ahead. Bye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	It's May 24, 2018.
[2] You know what? Today is Cecilia Cheung's birthday.	[2] Today is the birthday of the star Cecilia Cheung.
Cecilia Cheung is a popular star. She won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress.	What a coincidence! She has won the Hong Kong Film Critics Society Awards for Best Actress. She's very good at acting.
[3] I recommend you a movie, Cecilia Cheung's Enchanting Beauty, which is a combination of Chinese and Western elements.	[3] When it comes to movies, I wanna recommend to you the movie Help starred by her. The cast is great, no matter the directors or actors. They cooperate with each other perfectly.
It's a comedy.	Comedy.
[4] Then I'd like to recommand the movie Help starred by Cecilia Cheung to you. The plot is very novel and the conflicts are far-reaching.	Yes, it's worth watching. It's very popular.
OK, bye!	See ya!
Today it will turn from sunny to cloudy with east winds. The high will be - 3 ℃ and low - 14 ℃. Be sure to keep warm.	Today's weather for Yinchuan: Cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be - 8 ℃ and the low - 16 ℃.
[2] This kind of weather is suitable for eating Duck Blooding Chili Sauce.	[2] It can't be more pleasant to have Marinated Fish in such weather.
Of course, Marinated Fish made by grouper is delicious.	Of course I know. The grilled grouper tastes wonderful!
I'm sure you'll like it.	Thank you for that.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
It's Cecilia Cheung.	It's Xiaoming Huang.
[2] Do you like Xiaoming Huang? He's a famous star in the entertainment circle.	[2] Hehe, you're welcome. He is very famous and has won many awards. I also know that he is the Chinese Goodwill Ambassador of the United Nations Programme on AIDS.
Besides, he has also won the Golden Phoenix Awards-China Film Society Of Performing Art Award.	Yeah. In addition, he was awarded as one of the Ten Outstanding Young Persons of Shandong Province, which is remarkable.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend a movie named Hope for Love. It's a very positive and touching film.	[3] Here's a movie for you called American Dreams in China, which is starred by him. It skillfully integrates dreams, friendship and love. It's not only energetic, but also sincere and inspirational. It caters to the audience in the mainland, and is trendy at the same time.
It's a love movie.	It's a feature film.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Well, I knew you would like it.
All right. Bye!	All right. Bye!
The weather in Luoyang today is cloudy with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 20℃ and the minimum temperature will be 10℃.	It's sunny with southeast wind in Hefei today. The highest temperature will be 20℃, and the lowest temperature will be 6℃.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Lamb Kebab.	[2] Haha, it can't be more pleasant to have Marinated Fish in such weather.
Marinated grouper is delicious.	Grilled grouper tastes very delicious.
[3] If you want to eat Marinated Fish, I recommend you to go to Wanzhou Roasted Fish. The Marinated Fish there is very delicious.	[3] It's recommended that you go to Bayuzhuang Sichuan Restaurant to have it. Marinated Fish is the specialty of this store. You can also order it in advance.
The price per person is 40 yuan.	It costs 28 yuan per person.
The score is 4.5.	The score is 4.2.
The address is No.198, Zhongshan Road, Yingze District, at the bottom bussiness of Fengshangcuiyuan.	It's 100 meters west of Xiangli at the intersection of Changjiang Middle Road and Guanting Road, Shushan District.
Sure, no problem.	Sure, no problem.
All right. Bye!	All right. Bye!
He's type o.	Yes, he has type A blood.
[2] Thank you. Xiaoming Huang is the Best Actor of the 12th China Changchun Film Festival.	[2] Hee hee, I also know that his star sign is Scorpio.
He is also the Best Actor of the 15th Beijing College Student Film Festival.	You are a fan of his? Do you know he has won the 15th Huabiao Award for Axcellent Actor? Your idol is great!
[3] Since you like him so much, I recommend you to see his movie, A Better Tomorrow II, starred by Xiaoming Huang. It's a great movie.	[3] Don't miss The Last Tycoon starred by him. There are many shocking scenes in the film, such as the killing of hundreds of people on the street, bombing of Nanjing Road. There are also love stories in it. The audience speak highly of it and praise it as an all-round upgraded version of Shanghai Beach. It's worth seeing.
[4] Then I recommend you to see Mi Yang's movie The Crescent. It's very touching.	[4] Then you can go to see L.O.R.D（Legend of Ravaging Dynasties） starred by her. The scenes in the movie are beautiful, and the cast is great. It's really a good movie.
The score is 7.6.	The score is 4.5.
OK, I hope you like it.	It won't let you down.
Bye!	Bye!
It's 6 p.m.	It's 8:00 a.m.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, today's weather is sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 22 ℃ and low 13 ℃.	[2] Hey hey, I love you too! I wanna remind you that it will turn from overcast to sunny with northeast wind in Xi'an today. The maximum temperature will be 9℃, and the minimum temperature will be -2℃.
I'm happy to serve you!	I will always be here for you. Come to me anytime!
Bye!	OK, bye!
On my way home.	On my way to school.
Not bad. I've made progress.	I feel terrible cbeause I didn't do well in the exam.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Shuaiyu Cai.
Ha ha, yes, you are so smart.	You are so smart.
I'm six years old.	I'm only six years old.
I like small animals, watching animation and listening to children's songs.	Yes, I like listening to children's songs and watching animation.
[6] Heehee, I'm going to school, goodbye.	[6] Thank you, but I'm at school. Let's talk later.
Bye!	All right. Bye!
Today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 26 ℃ and low 19 ℃.	Well, today in Yinchuan it will be sunny early and cloudy later. Southwest winds. The high will be 13 ℃, and low - 2 ℃.
[2] Hey hey, it's a perfect day to have Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili.	[2] You're welcome. I recommend Marinated Fish to you. It's suitable in such weather.
The taste of grilled grouper is very good.	Groupers in it taste really good.
[3] Marinated Fish of Huqiandai Roasted Fish is very delicious. You can try it.	[3] Well, if you want to eat it, you can go to Marinated Fish Spicy Hot Pot (Little Water). They cook it very well.
It's 51 per person.	38 yuan.
It's on the sixth floor of Jingning Road, Chengguan District (next to the passage from hall A to Hall C).	4th floor, Xinhualian Shopping Center, intersection of Beijing West Road and Tongda Street,Jinfeng District.
4.2 points.	The score is 3.9.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you.	Okay, have a nice dinner.
Bye!	OK, goodbye.
Good evening.	Good evening. I'm home now.
It's OK. I'll save some for retirement.	I was going to buy something.
I like the movie named A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream.	I like Grandpa's Love best. It feels good!
I like Na Xie best.	I like Jimmy Lin best. His acting is so good!
Yes, he is really excellent!	Yes. He is also the model of the Best Public Benefit and Charity Activity Star in 2008. He's very compassionate.
Yeah.	Yes. And he's filial too. He's really admirable.
I've seen it.	I've heard of this one. But I'm not interested in it.
Who is the director?	Okay. Who's the leading actor?
I'll watch it. It's worth watching.	Oh, they are the actors. I like them very much. I'll watch it now.
Bye!	OK, bye!
I'm on my way home.	I'm on my way to work. I've been under great pressure from work these days.
OK, I see.	Okay, I see.
The One and Only.	I like listening to Descendants of the Dragon best.
Yes, I like him very much.	Yes, I like him.
Yes, he is also a very good singer.	Of course. I have a good taste. Haha.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I don't want to hear it for the time being.
Sounds good.	Sounds good. Is it also a song by my idol?
Then I'll listen to it.	Then I'll listen to it
Sure.	Yes, please.
[6] OK, I'll talk to you next time. Bye.	[6] I've arrived at the offices. See you next time.
Bye!	See ya!
Sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 21 ℃ and low 13 ℃.	Hello. Today in Shenzhen light rain will give way to overcast skies. North winds.The high will be 26 ℃, and low 19 ℃. Remember to take an umbrella with you when you leave home.
[2] You're welcome. It's a perfect day to have Sautéed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce.	[2] You're welcome. Today's weather is very suitable for Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers.
It's a very popular dish.	Yes. What matters is that you'll feel warm in your stomach after eating it.
[3] You can order Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers at Yicaiyige Classic Sichuan Cuisine.	[3] Haha. Then you can go to Zhaizhai Hunan Restaurant. The Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers here is the speciality.
The price per person is 44 yuan.	The cost per person is 50.
The address is at the entrance of Liushi Road, Xixiangtang District.	No.6 West Alley, Jiaosan, Jiaochangwei, Longgang District.
3.9 points.	The score is 4.4.
Sure, no problem.	Okay. I'll make a reservation for you tomorrow morning.
Bye!	Then I'll leave you alone now. Bye.
Today is January 18, 2018.	Today is July 10, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is Jacky Cheung's birthday.	[2] It's okay. Do you know that today is also Jacky's Cheung's birthday?
He is a superstar in Hong Kong music circle. He has won many awards, such as Golden Melody Award for Best Mandarin Male Singer.	He's a unique product of Hong Kong star-making era.
[3] You can also listen to his song All the Way, which shows us that he is also a talented musician.	[3] Of course. Do you know his movie Golden Chicken 2? You can feel the pain and happiness while laughing.
[4] OK, do you want to listen to it now?	[4] Then I'll recommend his song For Your Heart Only to you. This song can show Leslie Cheung's ability in interpreting sentimental slow songs.
It's a good song. Many people like it.	Yes, it's a good one. You should try it.
It's really worth listening to.	[5] I can play it for you now. Would you like to listen?
It's playing for you.	Playing for you, please enjoy.
[6] I'm going to have dinner now. Bye.	I'm glad you like it.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
Hi.	Hi, good evening.
I did well in the exam. I'm very happy.	Very bad. I didn't do well in the exams.
I'm so depressed recently. I don't want to talk about it.	I don't know. Maybe it's the bad luck.
My name is Fangxia Liu.	Last name Ji, first name Qizhen.
I'm a boy.	A man.
I'm 18 years old.	I'm 18, hahaha.
I like listening to music and watching news.	I like watching news.
[6] Mm-hmm. I'm going to study. Goodbye.	[6] Yes. Let's stop talking. I need to go to bed now, bye.
OK.	Bye!
It's July 10, 1961.	Hello. He was born on July 10, 1961.
[2] Jacky Cheung has won the Best Actor of the Golden Horse Award. He is excellent.	[2] Speaking of Jacky Cheung, he is the Best Actor of the 32nd International Film Festival of India.
Yes, and he has also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor.	Right. In addition to acting, he is also the Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards and has won the World Music Award for the Best-selling Chinese Singer.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his song Heaven & Earth. It's an interlude of the movie Heaven & Earth. It's very catchy.	[3] I Waited Until the Flower Withered, also sung by him, is very good too. It has a catchy melody. Jacky Cheung successfully performed this song with his mellow voice and exquisite singing skills.
You'll know after listening to it.	I believe you'll put it on repeat after listening.
[4] May I play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play this song?
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, I'll play this song for you now.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
It's Aaron Kwok.	It's Bingbing Fan.
[2] You're welcome. She's also known as the goddess of comedy.	[2] You're welcome. Do you like her? She's a super sexy idol.
She has also won Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress.	Yes. And she has good acting skills too and has won the Golden Screen Award for Best Supporting Actress.
[3] Since you like her so much, I recommend you to see her movie, There Is a Place. It's a documentary about memory.	[3] Then I'd like to recommend her movie Call for Love. It's called 'a urban love new-year comedy'.
The score is 7.4.	6.6, okay.
OK, you'll like it.	Yeah, I hope you like it.
See ya!	Bye!
Hello, Jay Chou's height is 175cm.	Hello, Jay Chou is 175cm.
[2] Thank you. I also know that he won the MTV Asian Music Awards for Most Popular Male Singer and the MTV Asian Music Awards for Most Popular Male Singer.	[2] Thank you. Jay Chou has won the MTV Asian Award for Most Popular Award twice and his albums have topped the Best Sale Chart in China for eight times.
Yes, he has also won two Golden Melody Award for Best Mandarin Male Singer.	Yes. Jay Chou is a very outstanding Taiwanese artist. Many people like him.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend a song named Big Bowl Thick Noodles to you. It's a song full of strong classical flavor. Jay Chou's singing is really beautiful. I recommend it to you.	[3] His songs are classic. Free Tutorial Video is really catchy. Every piece of lyrics is a thought in heart, while every rhyme is an expression. The departing scene in the song is perfectly and vividly displayed. I recommend it to you.
Yes. The song is very catchy.	Yes. You can't help but put it on repeat when you listen to it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you need me to play this song?
OK, it's playing for you.	Free Tutorial Video is playing now.
Bye!	Let's talk tomorrow, goodbye.
It will turn from sunny to cloudy with southwest winds. The high will be 20 ℃ and low 8 ℃.	Today in Changsha mostly cloudy skies end up with a shower. Northwest winds. The high will be 19 ℃, and low 12 ℃.
[2] This kind of weather is suitable for eating Marinated Fish.	[2] It's suitable to listen to Chinese Soul in such weather. This song combines oriental elements and western elements together and innovates, making rap music and Chinese traditional culture better intergrate with each other. It's a good song.
It's Kris Wu.	It's Kris Wu.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	It's playing.
Bye!	Hehe, then I'll leave you alone now. Bye!
Not bad.	I'm very happy.
Because I got the bonus.	I got promoted and earned a raise.
I like Super Player best.	I love watching Super Player.
Hsu Chi.	Na Xie, of course.
Yes, she is excellent.	Yes. I really like her.
Yes. She won the Golden Eagle Award for Outstanding Hostress.	Right. I really like her movies.
I've seen this one.	I've seen this one. Any other recommendations?
I'd like to see it.	What kind of movie is this?
Well, I'll watch it.	Sounds good from your introduction. I'll see it when I have time.
[6] OK, I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you later.	[6] Well, that's it. See you next time.
Bye!	Bye!
Good evening.	Good evening.
On the way home.	Nothing. Just sitting at home.
I like watching movies best.	I like watching Happy Together.
Ruby Lin.	It must be Leslie Cheung。
Yes, I like him very much.	Yes. And he was a star with a degree.
Yes. He was also awarded as the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	Right. I really like him. It's just a pity.
I've seen it.	Sorry, don't really wanna see this one.
I'm not interested in this movie.	Who is the director?
OK, I'll see it when I have time.	Wow, then I really need to see it.
[6] OK, I'm going to have dinner. Talk later.	[6] But it's too late now. I'll have a rest first, goodbye.
Very good. I've been doing well recently.	Not good. I've stepped backwards in my schoolwork. I was criticized.
All right.	Good. I like making friends very much.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Xuanhang Wang.
Haha, thank you.	Wow, it is right. you are great.
17 years old.	I'm five years old.
I like small animals and watching animation.	I like small animals, watching animation, listening to children's songs.
[6] Hey hey. I'm getting home, bye!	[6] I'm going to have dinner now. I'll play with you later.
Bye!	See ya!
I'm fine. I just got paid. I'm so happy.	Good. There isn't too much schoolwork.
Thank you. I will.	Well, thank you.
My name is Pinglu Liu.	My name is Xinxiang Yu.
Yeah, you're smart.	You're so smart. I'm a boy.
I'm six years old.	I'm eight years old.
I like small animals and watching anime.	I like observing animals, listening to children's songs and watching anime.
[6] Hey hey. I'm getting home, bye!	[6] Hey, hey. I'm going to bed, goodbye.
Not bad.	I was too sleepy on that day and I didn't do it well.
Yeah, I know.	I know. Mom also told me this.
My name is Jiaofei Zhang.	My name is Yu Wang.
Yes.	You're right.
I'm six years old.	I'm eight now.
I like watching anime and small animals.	Listening to children's songs and watching small animals.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6] I need to go now. I'm going home.
It's 8 p.m.	It's 18 o'clock sharp in the evening.
[2] It's mostly cloudy with northeast winds today. The high will be 13 ℃, and low 4 ℃.	[2] Hehe. By the way, today in Wuxi there is light rain, with northeast winds. The high will be 10 ℃ and the low 4 ℃.
Keep warm.	Yes, it is. Be sure to keep warm.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
It's Cecilia Cheung.	Jimmy Lin.
[2] You're welcome. Jimmy Lin is an all-round artist.	[2] Besides being an actor, Jim Lin is also an idol singer.
Do you like him very much? He has won the Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.	And he's also a candidate for the 2012 inspirational youth list.
[3] Then you have to support him more. Jim Lin won the Best Actor of Taiwan Golden Horse Film Festival.	[3] I'd like to recommend his To Miss with Love. It has a strong cast.
It's good.	It's good!
Comedy.	It's a comedy.
I'm sure it won't let you down.	You're gonna love it.
See ya!	See ya!
He's a Virgo.	He was a Virgo.
[2] You're welcome. Nicholas Tse is a good man in the entertainment circle.	[2] Do you like Nicholas Tse? He is a reliable man.
Yes, and he has won the Asian Film Awards for Best Supporting Actor.	Indeed. You have a good taste. He's really popular and is the Best-selling Asian Singer of the World Music Awards. He's really excellent.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Deserve to you. It's a song about memories. It sounds good.	[3] Haha. He has good acting skills too. I recommend one of his movies The Viral Factor to you. It's good.
It's a feature film.	It's an action, a criminal and a drama.
It's good.	Very good.
Hope you like it.	OK, I hope you like it.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Today is May 17, 2018.	Today is January 27th, 2018
[2] Today is also the birthday of star Ruby Lin.	[2] You're welcome. You know, today is also Ruby Lin's birthday.
You have a good taste. She has won the Most Popular Actress in the Golden Eagle Award of Taiwan TV.	Right. She has won the 5th Huading Award for Best Supporting Actress in Chinese movies.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend her movie The Crescent, which is very good. You can watch it. The theme is that women must conquer their fear of men, and the action is very exciting.	[3] Then I'd like to recommend her movie Night Rose. It's a urban light comedy.
Not bad.	Good reputation.
OK, hope you like it.	OK. You won't regret it.
See ya!	See ya!
It's sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 23 ℃ and low 19 ℃.	It will turn from mostly cloudy to sunny, with north winds. The high will be 23 ℃ and the low 8 ℃. There's a big temperature difference between day and night. Be sure to keep warm.
[2] You're welcome. It's suitable to eat Braised Chicken with Potato and Green Pepper in this weather.	[2] It's suitable to listen to You're Not Here in such weather. This song expresses the loneliness and powerlessness of love between men and women.
Of course, it's sung by Jiong He. It's not bad.	Yes. One netizen commented: In fact, I only hope that you're here by my side. It seems very touching.
[3] Can I play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play You're Not Here?
You're Not Here is playing for you.	You're Not Here is playing.
OK, see ya!	Then let's stop now. Bye!
Hi.	Hello
Yes. I've been very busy recently.	I am today. I'm a bit tired.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	But I don't want to talk about movies now.
Of course I like him.	Yes, he is very handsome.
Yeah, he is excellent.	Yes. I really like his movies.
I'm not interested in this song.	I'm not interested in this song.
This one seems good.	Not bad. You can listen to it.
Then I'll listen to it.	Let me listen.
Yes.	OK,  play it.
I'm glad you like it.	Good. I like it very much.
[6] Now I'm going to work. Talk to you next time.	[6] I'm going to work now. See you next time.
Bye!	Bye!
Well, it's 8 p.m.	It's 18 o'clock sharp.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, it's cloudy with northeast winds today. The high will be 16 ℃, and low 3 ℃. Be sure to keep warm.	[2] Hehe. Well, today it will turn from light rain to mostly cloudy. Northeast winds. The high will be 13 ℃, and low 10 ℃.
I will always be your sweetest baby.	Remember to bring an umbrella with you when you go out!
See ya!	OK, see ya!
OK, right away.	Okay. It's playing now. Please enjoy it.
[2] Thank you for your praise. By the way, Kris Wu's another song Can't Fight The Feeling is also very good. It's an R & B style song.	[2] Hehe. In fact, There's a place by Kris Wu is good too. It's a song about memories. The lyrics are a quiet confession to the beloved. It tells about a real and sentimental love through simple lyrics.
What about the song All the Things You Never Knew? It's also a good one. It's the theme song of World of Sword.	Okay. Then I'll recommend another one to you. From Now On. It's a song with a refreshing and fluent style as well as a warm and lyrical melody. Very catchy.
That's for sure. You can listen to it.	Yes. A song is a story. Every song has its meaning. I believe that you'll like it.
[3] Then let me play it for you now.	It's worth listening to.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play this song now?
OK, playing now.	OK, it's playing for you.
OK, see ya!	Okay, then I'll leave you alone to your dinner. Bye.
It's Jay Chou.	Xiaoming Huang
[2] Hee hee, hee, I also know that he is the Best Actor of the 27th China Image Film Festival.	[2] Hehe. Are you a fan of Xiaoming Huang? I can also tell you that Xiaoming Huang is a Scorpio.
He has won the 32nd Hundred Flowers Awards for Best Actor. He is excellent.	He is a young man who's outgoing and hard-working. And it's just because of his long-time hard work that he has made great achievements in his acting career. For example. He has won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Supporting Actor. You have a good taste.
[3] You can see his movie, Impossible to Miss You, which is a typical of his works. It shows the determination of love between men and women.	[3] Yes! By the way, let me recommend a movie starred by him, The Crossing I. The director also uses the most real and delicate technique to restore the beautiful scenes spanning 60 years and both sides of the Taiwan Strait. It's worth seeing.
Then you must not miss this movie.	[4] Mi Yang is also a great actress. I recommend her Brother hood of Blades 2: the Battlefield of Asura to you! It's an elaborate work with great details!
Not bad.	It's good.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Have a good time watching the movie!
Bye!	Goodbye, my friend!
It's Na Xie.	It's Mi Yang.
[2] You're welcome. Mi Yang is an excellent actress. She has won the Most Popular Actress of the Magnolia Award of Shanghai TV Festival.	[2] Mi Yang is the Most Popular Actress of the Golden Eagle Awards! Do you like her?
Yes, she has won the China TV Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress.	Haha. Well, Mi Yang has really really good acting skills. She has won the Best Actress Award of the Huston International Film Festival.
[3] I'd like to recommend a movie called The Bare-Footed Kid starred by her to you. The story is very good and the narrative is smooth.	[3] Then I'll recommend a movie starred by Yang Mi, All's Well, Ends Well 2012, to you. It's a good sequel of All's Well, Ends Well.
It's 7.6.	5.6 points.
You're going to love it.	I believe you will like this movie!
OK, see ya!	Bye!
It's 8 p.m.	It's 20 o'clock sharp in the evening.
[2] Thank you for your praise. I also know that the weather today is cloudy with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 20 ℃ and the minimum temperature will be 9 ℃.	[2] I also know that today in Chengdu it will turn from sunny to mostly cloudy. Variable winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and the low 5 ℃.
Thank you for that.	Thank you for that.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 26 ℃ and low 13 ℃. It's a little bit cold.	Today in Fuzhou, from midnight to dawn, there will be light rain, with northeast winds. The high will be 22 ℃ and low 17 ℃. Remember to take an umbrella with you when you leave home.
[2] You're welcome. It's very suitable to eat Sautéed Sweet and Sour Pork Tenderloin in such weather.	[2] It is very suitable to eat Marinated Fish in such weather.
Marinated grouper is really delicious.	Roasted grouper is so delicious!
You can order it at Wanzhou Roasted Fish.	[3] Then you can go to Wanzhou Roasted Fish and Chongqing Casserole Chicken. Marinated Fish is the speciality here.
50 yuan.	The cost per person is 30.
The address is No.31-4 Xinhe Road, Yingze District (behind Changfeng theater).	The second store, Student Street, Agriculture and Forestry University, Jinshan Road, Cangshan District, next to Aming Porridge and Casserole Restaurant.
The score is 3.5.	4 points.
Okay, I've made the reservation.	OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.
Ok, good night.	See you tomorrow. Good night.
It's Cecilia Cheung.	The star is Hsu Chi.
[2] Hsu Chi is a famous actress in China. She is very popular.	[2] You're welcome. Hsu Chi is an excellent woman. She's very famous.
Hsu Chi has won the China TV Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress.	She has also won the Asian Film Award for Best Actress. Very talented.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend a movie named The Assassin starred by Hsu Chi. It's a classic Hong Kong style movie. It's worth seeing.	[3] Then I'd like to recommend one of her movies, The Assassin, to you. It's a beautiful movie. Very good.
The director is Chi-Leung Law.	The director is Xiaoxian Hou.
It has a good reputation.	Good reputation.
I wish you like it.	Enjoy the movie.
Bye!	Bye!
It's Cecilia Cheung.	It's Cecilia Cheung.
[2] Speaking of Cecilia Cheung, she is a popular star in the entertainment circle.	[2] That's my duty. Speaking of Cecilia Cheung, she is a Best Actress of the Hong Kong Film Awards.
Yes, she's a very good actress. She has also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress.	Yes. She has won the Chinese Film Media Award for Best Actress. She has really good acting skills.
[3] I'd like to recommend you a movie called Second Time Around starred by her. It's very good. Cecilia Cheung has so many beautiful little things in it.	[3] Then I'd like to recommend this imaginative movie, Second Time Around, to you. It's also starred by Cecilia Cheung.
Yes, it does.	Of course, it's good. It has 7.4 points.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Hope that you'll like it.
Bye!	Have a good rest, bye.
Today is October 18, 2018.	Today is April 7, 2018.
[2] You know what? Today is also Jiong He's birthday.	[2] Do you know that today is Jackie Chan's birthday?
He is the Most Popular Asian Artist of ChannelV and the Most Anticipated Actor of the Chinese Film Media Award.	You're a fan of him, right? Do you know that he is one of the world's top ten outstanding young people and has won the Lifetime Achievement Award of MTV Film Awards?
You have a good eye. He also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor.	[3] Have you ever seen The Legend of Jackie Chan? I recommend it to you. It's a wonderful autobiography! The pride of Chinese people.
The director is Jackie Chan.	It's Jackie Chan himself.
Have a good time!	Believe me, it's worth seeing.
Bye!	See ya!
It's sunny with south winds today. The high will be 14 ℃ and low 3 ℃.	Mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 23 ℃, and low 15 ℃. Nice weather.
[2] You're welcome. It's a perfect day to have Mapo Tofu.	[2] Good. It's very suitable to listen to She's Gone Far Away in today's beautiful weather. It's a love song with a soft style and a sad melody. Nice song.
Yes, it's a sad song.	Yes, it is. But it's catchy.
[3] Well, would you like to listen to it now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	I'll do it now.
All right. Bye!	All right. Bye!
Yes, her birthday is September 12, 1974.	Of course, her birthday is October 18.
[2] Of course, I also know that Xun Zhou has won China Film Director's Guild Awards for Best Actress.	[2] Hehe. Speaking of Xun Zhou, she is an actress who has a strong pursuit in the acting career.
Ha ha, many people like her. She won the Most Popular Actress of the Chinese Film Media Award.	Right. She is also a Best Actress of the China Film Directors' Guild and has won the Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress.
[3] I recommend you to see her movie The Bare-Footed Kid. It's a good movie with good reputation.	[3] Speaking of acting skills, I recommend that you see her The Message as well as the astonishing effects and the touching, persistent beliefs left after the message.
[4] Then I'd like to recommend Rene Liu's film Rene Liu to you. It's a great domestic comedy. It's worth seeing.	[4] Then you can see Starry Starry Night starred by Rene Liu. It's really beautiful.
It's a drama movie directed by Rene Liu.	It is a fantasy drama directed by Shuyu Lin.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I'm sure it won't let you down.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Of course I know. It's Jacky Cheung.	It's the king of singers, Jacky Cheung.
[2] Jacky Cheung is a legendary singer in Hong Kong.	[2] Thank you. Jacky Cheung is the king of love songs.
Well, he's not only a super singer, but also a good actor. He also won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.	Yes. He has won the Golden Meledy Award for Best Mandarin Male Singer.
[3] I'd like to recommend one of his songs "I Waited Until the Flower Withered" to you. The melody of this song is catchy. Jacky Cheung's voice is very infectious. I hope you like it.	[3] Yes. His song I'm Really Hurt is a song that can go straight into your heart. It is a little sad, which touches people's hearts. The lyrics are a poem, with each line ending with "le". They are telling the sorrow of the past.
Yes. It's very popular.	Yes. It's very popular.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Okay. Do you want me to play it now?
OK, it's playing.	Well, it's playing. Please enjoy it.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Yes, of course. It's a tiger.	Yes I know. It's ox!
[2] Hehe, I also know that he has won Golden Horse Awards for Best Leading Actor.	[2] Hehe. He's very popular. He's well-recoognized as a model worker in the showbiz.
Yes, he's also the Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.	Yes. Some people say that he's the real king with profound thoughts, good appearance and evrgreen acting skills. He's really excellent.
[3] Yes, I recommend you to see his movie A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream, which is the theme song from the mobile game World of Sword. It's very good.	[3] If you like him, I have a movie here, A World Without Thieves. Its reputation is okay and you can watch it.
It's Lijun Sun.	It's the famous director Xiaogang Feng!
I'm sure you'll like it.	Well, I'm sure you'll like it.
OK, bye!	Okay, goodbye.
Today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 21 ℃ and low 10 ℃.	There might be light rain recently, with northwest winds. The high will be 15 ℃ and the low 10 ℃. Pay attention to the weather after the rain. It might be cold.
[2] Today's weather is suitable for eating Spicy Crawfish.	[2] It will be great if we eat Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce in such weather.
Well, this cold dish is very popular.	Yes. This cold dish is really delicious.
[3] You can order Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce from Huihuang Sichuan Restaurant.	[3] But it's troublesome to cook. So I'll recommend that you order it at Shangwei Hunan Cuisine Restaurant.
The price per person is about 59 yuan.	Yes it is. 40 yuan.
It's on the fourth floor of Zhubang City Square, Qingnian Road, Kuancheng District.	Opposite to China Mobile building, No. 28 Chiling Road, Tianxin District (near Changsha University of Science & Technology)
3.7 points.	Not bad, 4.1 points.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you.	No problem. You can come at anytime.
All right. Bye!	OK, take care. Bye.
Today's mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be - 9 ℃, and low - 19 ℃.	Today in Beijing, it will be sunny early and mostly cloudy later. Northwest winds. The high will be 9 ℃, and low - 3 ℃.
[2] Hehe, I'm flattered. It's a perfect day to have Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili.	[2] I will always be here by your side! Today's weather is not good. It's a bit cold. It's suitable to listen to some music at home. I recommend that you listen to She's Gone Far Away. It's a love song with a soft style and a sad melody. Nice song.
Jacky Cheung.	Jacky Cheung.
[3] Can I play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	It's playing.
I'm glad you like it.	Hehe. Then listen to it more times.
Okay, goodbye.	Goodbye.
Good morning.	Good morning. You got up early enough today.
I've been very relaxed recently.	I'm not busy with my work. I feel bored all day.
Of course. I like the movie named Buenos Aires Zero Degree best.	I like watching Buenos Aires Zero Degree. It's a classic movie.
I like Bingbing Fan best.	I like Leslie Cheung best.
Yes, he is a very gentle person.	Well, he was a great artist.
Yeah, he's really excellent.	Leslie Cheung's life was full of frustrations and controversies. He was the only idol in my life.
I've seen it.	What movie?
OK, I'll watch it.	I've seen this one before.
How's the review?	Who is the director? Who are the leading actors?
That's good. I'll see it when I have time.	Sounds good. I'll see it later.
Bye!	Bye. Talk later.
Pretty good. I've made progress in my study.	Hi, I'm okay. I've been taking care of my grandson. I'm a little tired.
I see. Thank you for your reminding.	Who wouldn't say that.
My name is Qizhen Ji.	My name is Xinfeng Si.
You are very clever.	You are very clever.
I'm 55 years old.	I'm 55 this year.
I usually like to listen to music and watch movies.	I usually watch news and movies.
[6] Lol, I'm going to have a rest. I'll talk to you later.	[6] Yes. Well, I'm going to cook for my grandson. See you next time.
Bye!	Bye!
Today's mostly cloudy with northwest winds. The high will be 21 ℃ and low 13 ℃.	Mostly cloudy, with northeast winds. The high will be 5 ℃, and low - 4 ℃.
[2] Hehe. It's a good day to eat Mapo Tofu.	[2] Yes, be sure to keep warm. Today's weather is very good for us to eat Stewed noodles.
That's great. Stewed noodles is very nutritious.	Yes. What matters is that it is a delicious hot dish. You'll feel warm in your stomach after eating it.
[3] I recommend that you order Stewed noodles at The Big Stuffing Dumpling Restaurant.	You can eat it at Huaqiandai Roasted Fish, whose speciality is Stewed noodles.
Yes. It's very affordable.	59 for each.
OK. It's reserved.	Opposite to No.3 Senior High School, Kangtai Road, Xingyang.
3.9.	4 points. You can try it.
OK, I'm on it.	Okay, I've done it.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
He was born in Kowloon, Hong Kong.	He was born in Hong Kong, China.
[2] Thank you for your praise. Speaking of Jacky Cheung, he won the Chinese Film Media Award for Best Original Film Song and the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	[2] Jacky Cheung is excellent and everybody knows him. He is the Best Mandarin Male Singer of the Golden Melody Awards.
He's not only good at singing, but also good at acting. He won the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	He's the best singer in Chinese music and the king of music. He has won the World Music Award for the Best-selling Chinese Singer.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his Heartburn. It's a song full of the creator's thinking and confusion about love.	[3] I'll recommend a song to you, I'm Really Hurt. It's really good. Instead of using a full-of-tension, thick and sonorous method, Jacky sings so gently and delicatly, which is still so outstanding.
You can listen to it.	Yes. The lyrics are good too.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] You don't need to wait. I can play it for you now. Do you want it?
It's playing for you.	I'll play it for you right away.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
It's Leehom Wang.	Hi. The singer is Leehom Wang.
[2] Do you like Leehom Wang? He won the 15th Huading Award for Best Singer in Asia.	[2] Leehom Wang's your idol. You have a good taste. Then do you know that he has won the Favourite Artist Taiwan at the MTV Asia Awards?
Yes, his height is 175cm. His weight is 65kg. His zodiac sign is Aries.	Of course I can! He's 180cm, 67kg. He has a perfect figure. He's a Taurus.
[3] Do you want me to play this song for you now?	[3] Really? He's excellent and of course people like him. I can recommend that you listen to his Sun & Moon of My Heart. It sounds so good. It uses the method of Chinese pentatonic scale to compose the melody of western music. It also includes the Chinese ancient musical instruments. The flute that appears every now and then matches naturally with guzheng and R&B rhythm.
Yes, his songs are also very good. I'm sure you'll like it.	Of course. His ability is almost the best in Chinese music industry.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Then do you want me to play this Sun & Moon of My Heart for you to relax?
OK, Sun & Moon of My Heart is playing for you.	Okay. I'll play it right now.
[5] I'm glad you like it. Then I'm home now. Talk to you next time.	[5] That's good. Then listen to the song and relax. I'll leave you alone now.
Bye!	Bye.
I'm very happy recently. I've made progress in my study.	Good. I'm in a good mood.
I got a promotion.	Okay. I did a great job in my exams. So I'm very happy.
My name is Jiaofei Zhang.	First name Yuzhen, last name Hu. Haha.
Yes.	Yes. I am a man!
I'm 27 years old.	I'm 18, just became an adult.
I like to listen to music and watch the news.	Well, I like watching news.
[5] Well, I'll go home first. Talk later.	[6] Hehe. I need to go now. I'm going to bed. See you later.
Good afternoon!	Hello
Yes, I'm very busy.	No, there's not much work.
I like watching movies best.	Well, I like All's Well, Ends Well 2012.
Mi Yang.	Of course it's Mi Yang.
Yes, she is a successful woman in the entertainment industry.	Haha. She's the queen of topic in the showbiz.
She's so excellent. I really like her.	Woah! She's so beautiful and so outstanding. What should other people do?
I've watched it.	I've watched it.
Who is the director?	What about the score of the film?
OK, I'll watch it sometime.	Good. I'll have a look.
Bye!	Bye!
It's 12 o'clock at noon.	It's 10 p.m. now. It's time to go to bed.
[2] You're welcome. It's a perfect day to have Lamb Kebab.	[2] Recently, the weather is pretty good. It is sunny, with northeast winds sometimes. The high will be 21 ℃, and the low 10 ℃.
You're welcome.	You're welcome. Pay attention to the temperature difference between morning and evening.
Bye!	Have a good dream, bye.
She's 168cm.	Mi Yang's height is 168cm.
[2] Thank you for your praise. Mi Yang has won the Most Popular Actress in the Magnolia Award of Shanghai TV Festival.	[2] Of course. After all Mi Yang's called an international superstar.
Yes, and she has also won the Most Popular Actress of the Chinese Film Media Award.	Mi Yang is not only popular, but also excellent. She has won the Best Actress Award of Huston International Film Festival.
[3] Mi Yang's acting is really good. I recommend you to see her movie named Unforgetable. It tells the story of a woman who is saved by love but falls in love with a man, who has no other choice but to find love, and must find love by herself.	[3] Yes. Are you interested in that? I'd like to recommend her movie Perfect Two to you. The movie has a wonderful story with a unified style and serious details.
The score is 7.4.	6.7 points.
OK, hope you like it.	[4] Okay. You really should watch it. I'll leave you alone now. Bye.
Bye!	OK.
Yes, Cecilia Cheung.	Yes. It's Xun Zhou.
[2] Xun Zhou is a perfect woman with good acting skills and won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actress.	[2] Thanks. Speaking of Xun Zhou, she's a smart actress.
Yes. She also won the Huading Award for Best Actress of Chinese TV Series.	You have a good taste. She's also a Best Actress of the China Film Directors' Guild and has won the Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress.
[3] Then I'd like to recommend a movie starred by her. I believe you will like it. It's called Impossible to Miss You.	[3] Speaking of acting skills, I recommend that you see Hema Hema: Sing Me a Song While I Wait starred by her.  Antrabhara guide is the best interpretation of the movie.
[4] What about Rene Liu's Rene Liu? She's a great movie star.	[4] Well, you can see 20 30 40 starred by Rene Liu, in which inner feelings of characters are delicately shooted.
The director is Zhongwen Xi. The rating is 7.4.	This is directed by Aijia Zhang with 7.1 points.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I'm sure you'll like it.
All right. Bye!	OK, see ya!
Good morning.	Good afternoon!
Not so good. I didn't do well in the exam.	I've under much pressure from my work.
I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music for the time being.
Yeah, I like him very much.	My idol! The prince of love songs!
Yes. He's a super star in the entertainment industry.	Yes, he's a famous singer.
I've seen this one.	I've seen it.
How do people say about it?	Who is the director?
It's good. I'll see it when I'm free.	Then I'll have a look.
Bye!	OK, bye!
It will turn from sunny to cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 13 ℃, and low 4 ℃.	Today in Changsha it is sunny, with northwest winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and the low 2 ℃.
[2] This kind of weather is suitable for listening to Orchid Pavillion. It's a great song.	[2] The weather is so nice. I'll recommend Can You Feel the Love Tonight to you. It's really catchy. It not only reached platinum sales in North America, but also won the Oscars for Best Original Song.
It's a very nice song.	A netizen commented that Jacky's singing skill is perfect.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Then how about me playing Can You Feel the Love Tonight?
Playing for you, please enjoy.	Playing for you, please enjoy.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
It's 12:00 at noon.	It's 12:00 at noon, November 17, 2018. It's time for lunch.
[2] Thank you. By the way, today is mostly cloudy with northwest winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	[2] By the way, although it is sunny today, there is fog. The high will be - 3 ℃ and the low - 12 ℃. It is very cold.
It what I should do.	Hehe. Remember to wear more clothes.
Bye!	Goodbye.
It's Leslie Cheung.	It's Leslie Cheung.
[2] Speaking of Leslie Cheung, he is a versatile artist.	[2] Leslie Cheung was a legend. He had won the 30th Golden Horse Award for Best Movie Song.
Yes, he was also the winner of the Golden Needle Award, the highest honor in Hong Kong music industry.	Yes. Even so, he couldn't hide his talents. He had won the highest honor of Hong Kong music industry, the Golden Needle Award.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Silence is Gold is a song sung by him. It was composed by Leslie Cheung and combined classic and popular factors into the melody. It sounds very refreshing and the use of guzheng is very brilliant. I hope you'll like it.
Yes. It's very positive.	You can listen to it and feel it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you need to play for you?
It's playing for you.	OK, it's playing for you.
Glad to hear that you like it.	Then you can enjoy it now. See you next time.
Well, not very tired.	Yes. But still, something good happened.
Yeah, I hope so.	Although I'm tired today, I got a bonus from the company. So I'm happy.
I like the movie named The Little Prince best.	My favorite movie is The Little Prince.
It must be Hsu Chi.	Xun Zhou of course.
I'd like to know the comments on Xun Zhou.	I don't know her well. Can you give me a brief introduction of her?
Yes, she is a Libra.	OK, thank you. Now I know her better.
I've seen this one.	I don't really want to see this movie right now. Recommend another one.
Who is the director?	What type is it?
OK, I'll see it when I have time.	Sounds good. I'll have a look.
OK, bye!	OK, see ya!
It's Leslie Cheung.	Yes. It's Mi Yang.
[2] Of course. I also know that Mi Yang won the Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress.	[2] Hehe, you're welcome. Do you like Mi Yang?
She's a very good actress. She has won the Most Popular Actress of Chinese Film Media Award.	Haha. She's a well-recognized screen queen. She has won the Chinese Film Media Award for Most Anticipated Actress. She's very popular.
[3] Well, I'd like to recommend a movie starred by Mi Yang. It's called The Big Stuff. It's a short film with a good reputation.	[3] Yes. Her movie Love in The Buff is very good. The perspective has obviously become broad. The region span covers Beijing and Hong Kong. The two figures all have partners. All types of emotion state that you can think of can be found in the movie.
The director is Zhiliang Luo.	It's Haoxiang Peng.
Hope you'll like it.	I'm sure you'll like it.
OK, see ya!	Ok, good night.
I'm at school.	I'm at school now.
It's good. I've made progress in my study.	There isn't much schoolwork and I'm happy.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Xinlu Chen.
Yeah, so smart.	Right.
I'm 10 years old.	I am twenty years old.
I like listening to music and watching news.	Watching movies and reading the news of the stars I like.
Well, I like the movie named Ruby Lin.	Yes. I like The Little Chinese Seamstress.
[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.
Today's mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 3 ℃.	Sunny with southeast winds. The high will be 27 ℃, and low 13 ℃.
[2] Today's weather is suitable for eating Sautéed Beef Fillet.	[2] It's suitable to eat Marinated Fish in such weather.
It's a very popular hot dish.	What it uses is grouper. It's very delicious.
[3] If you want to eat Marinated Fish, I recommend you to go to Wanzhou Marinated Fish. The Marinated Fish there is very good.	[3] Marinated Fish is the speciality here in Bailechuan Roasted Fish(Fengye Square, Nongye Road).
The price per capita is around 32.	About 52 yuan per person on average.
It's at the southeast corner of Fengye Square, Nongye Road, Jinshui District.	2nd floor, Fengye supermarket, southeast corner of the intersection of Nongye Road and Nanyang Road, Jinshui District.
3.7 points.	3.7 points.
OK, I've placed an order for you.	Okay, I'll do it now.
Bye!	Bye!
Hello, I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	Good afternoon. I have made progress in my schoolwork. The teacher praised me.
OK, I will.	I will. Hehe.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Xiaoqian Hu.
I'm a little girl.	It's a little girl.
I'm eight years old.	I'm ten years old.
I like to play with small animals, watch animation, listen to children's songs.	I like playing with small animals and watching animation.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6] I have to study.Goodbye.	[6]I have to study.Goodbye.
I'm very good recently. I'm paid.	Not very good. I didn't do well in my exams.
Thank you for your encouragement. I will.	Okay, I will.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Ming Sun.
I'm a boy.	A boy, of course.
Seven years old.	I'm nine years old.
I like small animals, watching animation and listening to children's songs.	I like listening to children's songs and playing with animals.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6]I have to study.Goodbye.
It's Bo Huang.	Hello, Mi Yng starred in this movie.
[2] You're welcome. Mi Yng is a popular star in the entertainment circle. Do you like her?	[2] Mi Yang is a famous A-list actress in China.
She is not only popular, but also won the Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress, and the Most Popular Actress of China TV Golden Eagle Award.	She has also won the Most Anticipated Actress of the Chinese Film Media Award, which is enough to prove her ability.
[3] Then you must like her very much. I recommend you to see her movie, The Crescent. Her performance in it is very good.	[3] Here I have a movie starred by her, A Fairy Tale in Beijing, which uses a kind and gentle tone and a simple but moving story to touch the audiences. I recommend it to you.
There are also Jay Chou and Mi Yang.	Besides Mi Yang, there are also famous actors like Yikuan Yan.
You're going to love it.	Believe me, you'll love this movie when you watch it.
Bye!	Bye.
It's cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 9 ℃. Be sure to keep warm.	Sunny early and cloudy later. Southeast winds. The high will be 10 ℃, and low 0 ℃.
[2] Today's weather is suitable for eating Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce!	[2] It's suitable to eat poached spicy slices of pork in such weather. You can think about it.
Yes, it's suitable for eating this hot dish.	The main reason is that you'll feel warm in your stomach after eating this hot dish.
[3] If you want to eat, I recommend you to go to The Big Stuffing Dumpling Restaurant. It's their speciality.	Poached spicy slices of pork in Hunan Cuisine Restaurant of Juncheng Hotel is good. It's very popular.
The address is at No.123, Huyuan 2nd Road, Chengguan District.	Southwest corner of the intersection of Changsheng Street and 307 National Road (Longquan East Road) in Economic Development Zone.
3.7 points.	Not bad, 5 points. 36 yuan for each.
OK, I'll book it for you now.	All right.
OK, I'm on it.	Okay, I've done it.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
Today is sunny with variable winds. The high will be 20 ℃ and low 9 ℃.	It's sunny with west winds today. The high temperature will be 17 ℃ and the low will be 5℃.
[2] It's a good day to eat Mapo Tofu.	[2]It's very suitable for listening to a song in such weather. Do you want to listen to it?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	Chinese Soul is a song that integrates eastern and western elements and makes innovations, so that rap music can be better integrated with Chinese traditional culture. It's very nice.
You can listen to it.	[3] Would you like to play it for you?
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, I'm playing "Chinese soul" for you.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
It's 8 p.m.	It's eight o'clock in the evening.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, the weather in Changsha today will turn from cloudy to sunny with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 16 ℃ and the minimum temperature will be 10 ℃.	[2] You're welcome. The mostly cloudy skies come after a light rain with north winds. The high temperature will be 9 ℃ and the low will be 5 ℃. Please keep warm.
I'm happy to serve you.	It's Ok, I'm your housekeeper. I'll serve you all the time.
All right. Bye!	OK, well, bye.
Yes. His birthday is May 17th.	His birthday is on May 17.
[2] Thank you for your compliment. I also know that his birthday is also Leehom Wang's birthday. He was born on May 17, 1976.	[2] Thank you for your praise. Speaking of Leehom, he has won the Mandarin Male Singer Award in Golden Melody Awards for second times.
Yes, he has also won the 15th Huading Award for Best Singer in Asia.	He is still the Best Male Singer of the Year on the Global Pop Music Gold List.
[3] Yes, I recommend you to listen to his song The Pirate. It's very good. The whole song combines Egyptian and Middle Eastern folk music styles, and combines with hip-hop to create a hip-hop duet style.	[3] Impossible to Miss You is recommended to you. It tells us the determination of love in the form of songs.
You can listen to it. It's very catchy.	You can have a try.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you need me to play this song for you?
Impossible to Miss You is playing for you.	OK, it's playing.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	Okay, let's talk later. Goodbye.
Hello, Aaron Kwok is 175cm tall.	Yeah, he's 172cm.
[2] Ha ha, by the way, Aaron Kwok is also the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	[2] Heehee, he is a very famous male god star.
Ha ha, he is not only a great singer, but also the Best Actor of the Golden Rooster Award. He is also the first Chinese singer to be famous in South Korea.	Yes, he is also an ambassador to the Hong Kong Committee of the United Nations Children's Fund and he is a philanthropist.
[3] Ha ha, I'd like to recommend his song Self Directed Act. It's a great song. It's a song with the power of Chinese zodiac. You can listen to it.	[3] Well, since his movie is mentioned, I recommend you his movie Murderer. It's really a rare masterpiece in Hong Kong.
It's good.	It has a good reputation!
OK, hope you like it.	Okay. I believe you'll like it.
Ok, good night.	Well, goodbye. Good night.
It's sunny with southeast winds. The high will be 18 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	It's sunny with south winds. The high temperature will be 24 ℃ and the low will be 16 ℃. It's  a good day and it's suitable to go out.
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is very suitable for eating Sweet and Sour Pork Tenderloin.	[2] However, I have to say that it's really suitable to eat Jiaozi Stuffed with Celery in such weather.
Then you can't miss this delicious food.	Celery is a kind of nutritious vegetable, which makes the jiaozi delicious.
[3] You can order Jiaozi Stuffed with Celery at The Big Stuffing Dumpling Restaurant.	It's our Chinese favorite food, and it must suits your taste.
Goodbye.	Ok, goodbye.
Very good.	I'm Ok, just a little tired.
It's nothing. It's just that life is boring recently.	I've been taking care of my grandchildren recently.
Not really for movies at the moment.	I don't really want to talk about movies at the moment.
OK, Bo Huang is my favorite star.	Yes, I like him very much.
Wow, really excellent!	That's right. His acting skills are really awesome.
I've heard it. I'm not interested in this song.	I've heard it. I don't want to hear it now.
The name sounds good.	I haven't heard that song before.
Sounds good.	Then I will listen to it if I have time.
Yes, play it.	Yes, of course. Please play it.
[6] Thank you. Talk later.	[6] I'm going to make dinner. I'll talk to you later.
See ya!	See ya!
It's Andy Lau.	It's Jacky Cheung.
[2] Speaking of Jacky Cheung, he is the king of Hong Kong music.	[2] Thanks for the compliment, but anyway, do you like Jacky Cheung? He is the God of Chinese Music.
He is also the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart and the Best Actor of Hong Kong Film Awards.	Yes, he is really excellent. He not only sings well, but also plays very well in the film. He won the Best Actor Award of the Golden Horse Award in Taiwan.
[3] Do you want to see his movie, The Bare-Footed Kid? The Bare-Footed Kid is a typical Hong Kong style film. It's very good.	[3] Then you can see his movie The Days of Being Dumb. It's a top-notch comedy.
The score is 7.4.	The score is 7.5.
You won't be disappointed.	I'm sure it will satisfy you.
OK, see ya!	Goodbye!
Hello, Jackie Chan's birthday is April 7th.	Hello, his birthday is April 7, 1954.
[2] Of course, he is a famous Hong Kong Kung Fu superstar. Of course I know him.	[2] Thanks for the compliment. Jackie Chan is still an excellent martial arts player.
You have a good taste. He has won the Best Actor Award of the Golden Horse Award. He also won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actor.	Haha, he is a well-known actor and called the King of Hong Kong film circle.
[3] You like Jackie Chan so much. His movies are really good. You can watch his Hong Kong Kung Fu movie, which is very good.	[3] Then his good movie The Foreigner is recommended to you. It's praiseworthy both in plot and overall rhythm control.
The score is 7.3.	It's 7.4.
You're going to love it.	I'm sure you will not disappoint about his performance.
Bye!	Good night.
Good evening.	Hello
It's very easy. I just got paid.	I just got my bonus today. I'm so happy.
My name is Ming Sun.	Yes, my name is Mingjiang He.
I'm a man.	I'm a man.
I'm 26 years old.	I'm 56 years old. How time flies.
I like listening to music.	I like watching movies and listening to music.
[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[6] Well, I'm going to bed. I won't talk to you.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 2 ℃.	It's sunny with north winds today.The high temperature will be 29 ℃ and the low will be 20℃.
[2] It's a perfect day to eat Mapo Tofu.	[2] You're welcome. You can listen to the song She's Gone Far Awayat home in the evening. The song expresses the yearning for the girl by telling a story, and expresses the author's unswerving view of love.
It's Jacky Cheung.	Jacky Cheung.
[3] Shall I play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you?
OK, playing for you.	OK, She's Gone Far Away is playing for you.
Well, good.	OK, see ya!
Today's weather is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 27 ℃, and low 19 ℃.	It's light rain to cloudy toady with northwest wind. The high temperature will be 24 ℃, and the low will be 15℃. Remember to keeep warm.
[2] You're welcome. Today's weather is suitable for eating Marinated Fish.	[2] You're welcome. It's especially suitable for eating Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce in such weather.
Of course, this cold dish is really delicious.	What a coincidence! This cold dish is delicious.
[3] If you want to eat, you can go to The Big Stuffing Dumpling Restaurant. It's their specialty.	Yeah, it's a hot dish.
Okay, bye.	See you next time, goodbye.
Today's weather is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 19 ℃ and low 8 ℃.	It's mostly cloudy with southwest winds. The high temperature will be 0 ℃ and the low will be - 12 ℃. It's suitable to listening to music.
[2] Such weather is suitable for listening to the song Heroes of Earth. The melody and lyrics integrate the eastern and western elements and make innovations to better integrate rap music with Chinese traditional culture.	[2] You know, it's the best for listening to Orchid Pavillion. This song has a long lasting charm, which makes people taste it again and again.
Jay Chou.	It's sang by Jay Chou. It's very distinctive. And it's composed by Vincent Fang.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	Play the music or not?
It's playing for you.	It's playing.
OK, see ya!	I won't bother you. Goodbye.
Good evening.	Good evening. Nice to meet you!
I'm not happy because my study has regressed.	I've made a bit progress in my recent study. Quite happy about it.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Jiaowen Ren.
Yes.	Well, I'm a big sister.
I'm six years old.	I'm 26, but I'm always 18 years old in my heart.
I like listening to music and watching news.	Of course adoring stars, browsing the news and so on.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
It's Nicholas Tse.	The protagonist is Aaron Kwok.
[2] Aaron Kwok is a superstar of Hong Kong music circle.	[2]He's awesome. He has won the Best Actor Award of the Hong Kong Film Awards.
He has also won the Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.	He is still a model worker in the entertainment industry. Because of his continuous efforts, he has made so many achievements today.
[3] I'd like to recommend to you a movie called The Pirate, which is a combination of action and plot. It's very good.	[3] Have you ever seen his The Bare-Footed Kid? Some netizens said that they like this film very much. It can be seen that this film is really nice.
The director is Chung-Man Hai.	It's Johnnie To.
I'm sure you'll like it.	You will love it!
Bye!	Bye!
I've been very good recently. I've made progress in my study.	Hello, not bad. I've just been promoted. I'm happy.
Thank you.	Thank you!
My name is Pinglu Liu.	My name is Xinzhou Si.
Yeah, you're smart.	Yeah, you're smart.
I'm 22.	I'm 25 years old.
I usually like listening to music and watching movies.	I usually like to watch movies and news.
[6] Hey hey. I'm getting home, bye!	[6] Heehee. I'm going to take a break, goodbye.
Goodbye!	OK, talk to you next time, goodbye.
Ruby Lin's height is 167cm.	She's 167CM tall
[2] Of course, I also know Ruby Lin is a beautiful and popular actress.	[2] Of course, I also know that she is the Asian Goddess.
She has also won Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress.	Yes, she won the 18th Huading Award for Best Actress in Chinese TV series.
[3] Ha ha, have you ever seen the movie starred by her? The movie is very good. I recommend it to you.	[3] Well, her acting skills are Impeccable. The Mirror starred by her is wonderful. Some people say it's one of those horror movies in childhood.
It's good.	It's good!
You're gonna love it.	Yeah, it's a great movie
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
Today is January 18, 2018.	It's 6:00 p.m in April 16, 2018.
[2] Thank you. Do you want to know about the weather?	[2] Thank you for your praise. Today is the birthday of Hsu Chi, who is the goddess of the whole nation.
Yes, she won the Best Actress of the Golden Bauhinia Awards. Her acting is very good.	Well, your goddess is very outstanding. You know what, she has won the Best Actress Award of Shanghai Film Critics Association and the Outstanding Actress Award of China Film Huabiao Award.
[3] Ha ha, you can watch her movie The Crescent. I recommend it to you. It's really a good movie.	[3] Her City of Glass is recommended to you, which tells a good story. We can see the different feelings and endings of two generations.
It's a comedy.	It combines love and history types.
It's good.	It has a good reputation, you can see it.
[4] OK, I'll leave you alone, goodbye.	[4] Well, I'll not disturb you, bye.
It's cloudy with northeast winds in Changchun. The high will be 18 ℃, and low 8 ℃.	It's sunny to cloudy with northeast wind today. The maximum temperature will be 6 ℃ and the minimum will be - 4 ℃. Please keep warm.
[2] It's a good day to eat Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] Of course, I'm your housekeeper. It's most suitable for listening to Fireworks Cool Easily in such weather. The lyrics of this song are classical and beautiful, and the mood is far-reaching.
Jay Chou.	It's your favorite star Jay Chou.
[3] Shall I play it for you now?	[3] Do you need me to play it for you now?
Playing Fireworks Cool Easily for you.	It's my pleasure to serve you. It's playing for you.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon!
Nothing. I just got paid.	I've been very leisurely recently. I have nothing to do with my work.
But I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music for the time being.
I like him very much.	I like him very much.
Yes, he is excellent.	Yeah, he is super good. I've loved him since I was a kid.
I've seen it.	I've seen this one. Change it.
What kind of movie is it?	Who is the director?
How's the review?	How's the reputation?
OK, I'll see it when I have time.	Okay, I'll watch it.
OK, thank you.	[5] I'll go to dinner first.Talk to you later.
See ya!	See ya!
Hello	Hi, good afternoon.
I've made progress in my study recently.	Very good, my study has made great progress. I am very proud!
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Xuanchao Ji.
Yes, I'm a boy.	OK, I'm a boy.
I'm five years old.	I'm eight years old.
I like small animals, watching animation and singing children's songs.	I like small animals, watching animation and listening to children's songs!
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6]I have to study.Goodbye.
It's Nicholas Tse.	It's Cecilia Cheung
[2] She's a famous beauty in Hong Kong	[2] Yes, she is the most beautiful actress in China.
Well, you have a good taste. She has won the Best Actress of the Hong Kong Film Awards, the Best Actress of the Golden Bauhinia Awards, and the Best Actress of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	Well, she is also a hot actress after childbirth.
[3] Then I'd like to recommend you to see her movie, She's Gone Far Away. It's a classic Hong Kong spy movie.	[3] Then you can't miss film queen's One Night in Mongkok. It's a good work of Hong Kong film.
It's good.	It has a good reputation. You can see it.
OK, I hope you'll like it.	All right.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
OK, I'm on it.	It's playing for you.
[2] Thank you. It's my pleasure. I also recommend you to listen to the song There's a place. It's a song about memories. You can listen to it.	[2] It's just a small thing. You can listen to the song Happy Birthday (Live), which describes a girl's decision to say Goodbye to all the memories of her old relationship and her brave rebirth.
Then you can listen to the song All the Things You Never Knew. It's a beautiful song. It's also one of Leslie Cheung's representative works.	OK, you must listen to Time Machine and you will repeat it.
Well, it's very nice. You can try it.	Then you can listen to it. It's great.
[3] Shall I play it for you now?	[3] Do you want to listen to it now?
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
Hey hey, you're welcome.	Hey hey, you're welcome.
OK, bye!	OK, bye!
Xiaoming Huang.	It's Mr. Jacky Cheung!
[2] Thank you! Jacky Cheung is a very good actor. He is the king of Hong Kong music. Of course I know him!	[2] You're welcome. He is one of the Top Ten Outstanding Young People in the World. And outstanding people will always be noticed by more people.
He is excellent. He has won the 25th Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor.	Well, in addition, his films are also very good. He has also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Actor.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song All the Way to you. It's a love song. It's a simple but touching song.	[3] If you like him, I'd like to recommend a classic movie The Days of Being Dumb that you will be never tired of watching.
It's a comedy.	It's a comedy.
I'm sure you'll like it.	It won't let you down!
Bye!	Bye!
Leehom Wang is the lead singer of this song.	The lead singer is Leehom Wang.
[2] Thank you. Speaking of Leehom Wang, he won the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart.	[2] It turns out that you are his fan. No wonder he has the title of Little King of Singing.
Yes, he is also recognized as the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart.	And it's also the Most Influential Singer in China in the 3rd MTV of Japan. He's very awesome.
[3] I'd like to recommend you his song Chinese Zodiac (Live). The whole song combines ancient music and popular culture with the innovation of Chinese zodiac. It's a good song.	[3] I'd like to recommend you to listen to Impossible to Miss You, which addicts people to fall in love after listening. It shows us the determination to love by songs.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Yeah, perfect people sing perfect songs.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it now?
OK, it's playing for you.	It's on.
Not a problem at all, as long as you like it.	It's really comfortable to listen to it.  It's good to tell the story like this.
Goodbye.	OK, goodbye.
Today is May 17, 2018.	It is May 17, 2018
[2] Today is also Leehom Wang's birthday.	[2] Today is also the birthday of Leehom Wang, who is the Heavenly King in Chinese Music Circle.
Yes, Leehom Wang is also the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart. He has won 15 Golden Melody Awards.	He is a Taurus who is born with literary temperament.
[3] I'd like to recommend a song of him, Floral Sea, which is a song full of island style. The island style of this song has a soothing power.	[3] His song Chinese Zodiac is recommended to you, which receives highly praise for its beautiful melody and funny "two character dance", and has set off a wave of dancing it. It's very melodious.
Yes, the lyrics are also very good.	Yes, and you can learn many knowledge.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Now I can play it for you. Do you want to listen to it？
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
OK, see ya!	Goodbye.
Good evening.	Good evening.
Recently, I've been very happy. I got a promotion.	I'm great. I have paid this afternoon.
My name is Xiaoxiang Guo.	Fengjiang Qian, whose name has one more Jiang than the host Feng Qian.
Yes, I am.	I am an indomitable man.
I'm 26 years old.	Haha, I'm over 50 years old.
I like listening to music and watching news.	I like watching movies and news.
Goodbye.	Bye!
Today's weather is cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 15 ℃ and low 4 ℃.	It's mostly cloudy with variable winds. The high temperature will be 19 ℃ and the low will be 8℃ today.
[2] You're welcome. It's a perfect day for eating Marinated Fish.	[2] Heehee, it's suitable for eating Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers in such weather.
Then you should try it.	Then you need to eat it. It's very good.
I believe you will like it.	[3] It's recommended that you order it at Yixiangyuan New Hunan Cuisine. It's their specialty.
49.0	47
It's on the sixth floor of IFS Building, Jinzhu West Road, Xinshi District.	It's No.172 at Jianshe Street, Haigang District, located at the under floor of Zhongyangshengdi Mall.
3.5.	5
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	Sure, no problem.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
It's 6 p.m.	It's November 19, 2018!
[2] You're welcome. By the way, it's sunny with northwest winds today. The high will be 6 ℃, and low - 4 ℃.	[2]You are welcome. It's mostly cloudy with northeast winds in Xiamen today. The high temperature will be 23 ℃ and the low will be 17 ℃. The weather is very good today!
You're welcome. It's my pleasure to serve you!	Yes, it's a good day to go out.
Bye!	Bye!
It's cloudy with northeast wind today. The maximum temperature will be 14℃ and the minimum temperature will be 9℃.	It's sunny to cloudy with west wind in Dalian today. The maximum temperature will be 21 ℃, and the minimum will be 13 ℃.
[2] I'm flattered. This kind of weather is suitable for listening to All Of Me. It's also the episode of the TV series All Of Me, which has a good reputation.	[2] Heehee, it's cozy to listen to  Time Machine before sleeping. Pictures and imagination will be full of the mind of audience.
It's a very positive song.	Everyone said that they will never be tired of listening to it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you need me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Of course I know. It's Jimmy Lin.	Yes, it's Xiaoming Huang.
[2] You're welcome. Xiaoming Huang has won many awards, such as the Best Actor of the Hundred Flowers Award.	[2] You're welcome. His acting skills are very good. He won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Supporting Actor in Chinese movies. You really like him very much.
Yes, he has also won the Best Actor of the 12th China International Film Festival London. He's really excellent.	You have a good taste. He won the Best Actor of the 13th China Changchun Film Festival.
[3] Have you seen the movie named The Bare-Footed Kid starred by Xiaoming Huang? It's a good movie.	[3] Since you really appreciate him, his film American Dreams in China is a very emotional film. It skillfully integrates dreams, friendship and love. It is not only youthful, but also sincere and inspirational. It not only fits the mainland, but also conforms to the pulse of the times. It's worth seeing.
7.2, very good.	It's 7.7.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I'm sure you'll like it.
Bye!	OK, we'll talk when we have time. Bye.
OK, it's playing for you.	All right, it's playing now.
[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend another song of Leehom Wang, A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream. The song is full of the creator's thinking about war. It's very interesting and thought-provoking.	[2] This is what I should do. Jay Chou's Orchid Pavilion is recommended to you. He sings the chorus again and again in the way of Xiao Dan's voice in Peking Opera. It's quite like a play. It's really good.
Yes, there's another song by Jay Chou, The Years Flow Like Water, which is also very good. The lyrics is more emotional than rap, and it's the theme song of the movie Heroes 2.	Yes, his Rooftop is also very good. It's a typical Jay Chou style work, which is worth listening to.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	Yes, I hope you like it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Can I play it for you now?
It's playing now.	OK, playing now.
Not a problem at all, as long as you like it.	That's all right.
Have a good dream, goodnight.	Have a good dream, goodnight.
Good evening.	Hello, hello.
Not bad. I've made progress in my study.	My life is good recently, but I have many pressure in my study.
My name is Xiaoxiang Guo.	My name is Mingzheng Li.
I'm a lady.	Of course I'm a gentleman.
I'm only eight years old.	27 years old, I'm old.
I like watching movies.	I'm not handsome guy. I like watching movies.
I like watching Super Player.	I like watching Super Player.
[5] Well, I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you later.	[6] It's just Ok. I have something to do now. Talk to you later, goodbye.
Bye!	Bye!
Not bad.	I've been studying very easily recently.
OK, I see.	That's a good idea.
My name is Lingwen Niu	Hello, my name is Yubin Xu.
I'm a boy.	I'm a boy.
I'm six years old.	I am 21.
I like stars, watching movies and listening to music.	I like listening to music, watching news and so on.
[6] Well, I'm going to have a rest. Bye.	I'm a young man.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	Yes, my dear master, today is July 10, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. You know what? Today is Jacky Cheung's birthday.	[2] Heehee, do you know that today is also the birthday of the star Jacky Cheung?
Mm-hmm, Jacky Cheung is also the winner of the Golden Needle Award, the highest honor in Hong Kong music circle.	Uh huh, he've won many awards. He's really a great person!
[3] Ha ha, you can listen to his song There Is a Place. It's a song about memories. The voice of Jacky Cheung is so beautiful. I recommend it to you.	[3] Well, since you like him so much, I'd like to recommend his song Can't Fight The Feeling. You will feel the meaning of the God of Songs after listening to it. It's very good!
Yes, it's very popular!	Of course, it's nice and relaxing!
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] All right. How about playing it for you now?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	It has been played for you, please enjoy it!
All right. Bye!	Uh huh, hope it can make you happy, goodbye!
It's 8 p.m.	It's 12:00 noon in November 22, 2018, Beijing time.
[2] Hee hee, by the way, today is sunny with southwest winds. The high will be 6 ℃ and low - 7 ℃. Be sure to keep warm.	[2] It's sunny early and cloudy later. with southwest winds in Luoyang.The high temperature will be 14 ℃ and the low will be 3 ℃. Please keep warm when you go out.
You're welcome.	You're welcome. I'm glad to serve you.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Today is April 28, 2018.	It's July 10, 2018.
[2] Hehe, today is Jacky Cheung's birthday.	[2] Today is Jacky Cheung's birthday. He was born on July 10, 1967.
Yes, he's a superstar in the entertainment industry. He has won the Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards for Most Popular Male Singer.	Not only that, I also know that Jacky has won the 27th Golden Horse Award for Best Supporting Actor in Taiwan Film, and he is also the world's best-selling Chinese singer.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his song Heartburn. It's a very good song.	[3] Well, I recommend you to listen to Jacky's Can't Fight The Feeling. After listening to it, you will know what is the strength of God of songs.
Then you can't miss it.	Then you can not miss it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Can I play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	Playing for you, please enjoy.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Jackie Chan is a Hong Kong movie star.	Jackie Chan was born on April 7, 1954. He is 173cm. He is an Aries. And his blood type is AB.
[2] Thank you. Jackie Chan is a famous star in Hong Kong.	[2] You are a fan of Jackie Chan. He once won the Best Actor of Golden Horse Awards for two times.
He is also the ambassador of the Hong Kong Committee of the United Nations Program on HIV/AIDS.	He has also won the Outstanding Achievement Award of Asia Pacific Film Festiva and the Lifetime Achievement Award of MTV Film Awards.
[3] You can see his Miracle. It's very good. Jackie Chan is really a great actor.	[3] Have you ever seen his movie Miracle? The story is so warm that Jackie says it's his favorite one.
The score is 7.4.	The score for the film is 7.5.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Believe me, it won't let you down.
OK, see ya!	See ya!
Today is sunny with southwest winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 8 ℃.	It's mostly cloudy with north winds today. The high temperature will be 22 ℃ and the low will be 15 ℃.
[2] It's a perfect day for eating Marinated Fish.	[2]It's very suitable to eat Duck Blooding Chili Sauce in such weather. It's very comfortable.
Mm-hmm. the point is that this hot dish can bring you warmth.	They are all delicious. You can have a taste.
[3] Well, I won't disturb you. Bye.	Have a good time
See ya!	See ya!
It's Jay Chou.	The lead singer of this song is Jay Chou.
[2] Do you like Jay Chou? He's the Most Popular Male Singer of the MTV Asian Music.	[2] You're welcome. I don't know if you like him. He's a popular singer for many people.
You have a good taste. He is the Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.	He's really an excellent person. Many manufacturers have come to cooperate with him and he is also a brand ambassador.
[3] You can listen to his Rain. It's very nice. I recommend it to you.	[3] Heehee, speaking of singing, Jay has a song with unique style named Deep Love of Huangpu River， which is very good. The tune continues Jay's consistent Chinese style. The lyrics are exquisite and full of poetic flavor. It describes the women's yearning for their beloved by the Huangpu River.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Of course, his strength can be recognized from wining the Best Mandarin Male Singer of two consecutive Taiwan Golden Melody Awards.
[4] Do you want me to play Deep Love of Huangpu River for you now?	[4] Do you need to listen to it now?
It's playing for you.	Ok, it's playing for you now.
Yeah, bye!	OK, goodbye.
Hello, today's work is easy.	I just got a bonus today. Very happy.
Sure.	OK, thank you.
My name is Pinglu Liu.	My name is Lixiang Ji.
I'm a gentleman.	I'm a lady.
I'm 23 years old.	I'm 29, almost 30 years old.
I like listening to music and watching movies.	I like watching movies and listening to music.
[6] Well, I have something else to do.Goodbye.	[6] I'll be home soon. I can't chat with you.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	Today is September 27th, 2018.
[2] Do you know today is Andy Lau's birthday?	[2] Today is Andy Lau's birthday.
You have a good taste. Andy Lau has won the Best Actor of Hong Kong Film Awards. He is very excellent.	He is the male singer in Hong Kong who won the most awards in the Guinness The World Record! And his acting is also very good. Do you like the movies he plays?
[3] Then I recommend you to watch the movie named Unforgetable, which is starred by him. It's a good movie.	[3] Then his Foreign Lands is recommended to you. The film understands the KMT Communist war from a new perspective and faces the essence of war more realistically.
The score is 7.4.	The film scores 7.8.
OK, hope you like it.	OK, have a good time!
Bye!	Bye!
It's cloudy with northwest winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 6 ℃.	It's cloudy to sunny with west winds in Taiyuan today. The high temperature will be 17 ℃ and the low will be 2 ℃. It's a little cool.
[2] You're welcome. It's a perfect day to have Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] You're welcome. It's very suitable for listening to Golden Armor in such weather. In this song, Jay Chou puts aside his R & B style and combines heavy rock, street rap and Chinese style together for the first time.
Yes, it's a very special song.	Mhm, it's a very special song.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want to play it now?
OK, it's playing.	It's playing for you.
Yeah, bye!	Bye.
It's Leslie Cheung.	This song is sung by Leslie Cheung.
[2] You're welcome. Leslie Cheung is one of the 100 outstanding actors in Asia on CNN.	[2] You're welcome. Leslie won the Golden Horse Award for Best Actor in Taiwan.
Yes, and he is also the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	Not only that, he is also the record holder of sales of Chinese records in South Korea.
[3] Do you want to listen to Leslie Cheung's The Years Flow Like Water? The melody of this song is very infectious.	[3] His song Miss You is recommended to you. His singing part is excellent, which exudes strong superstar charm and is worthy of praise.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you?	You can try it. This song is very nice.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you need me to play this song for you?
Miss You is playing for you.	OK, Miss You is playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
OK, see ya!	I won't keep you, goodbye.
Good afternoon! I'm not happy because my study has regressed.	Not good, I failed the exam and got criticized.
I see. Thank you.	OK, I will. Thank you.
My name is Lingwen Niu	Yes. My name is Ming Sun.
Yes.	You're amazing. You know a lot.
I'm six years old.	I'm six years old.
I like small animals, anime and nursery rhymes.	I like small animals, watching cartoons and listening to nursery rhymes.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6]I have to study.Goodbye.
It's April 28, 2018.	Today is October 26, 2018.
[2] Of course, today is the birthday of the star Aaron Kwok.	[2] By the way, today is also Aaron Kwok's birthday.
He is the Best Original Film Song of Hong Kong Film Critics Society.	Aaron Kwok is an international superstar. He is a low-key person. He has also won the Best Actor Award of Changchun International Film Festival and the Best Actor Award of Taiwan Golden Horse Awards for two times.
[3] I'd like to recommend a song of him named Self Directed Act, which is very catchy. The whole song is full of the creator's thinking and confusion about "everything is in time".	[3] His Murderer is recommended to you. Aaron Kwok's acting is very good. And the movie interprets the whole story very well.
It's good. The score is 6.3.	The film has a good reputation with a score of 7.4.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I'm sure you'll like it.
All right. Bye!	All right. Bye!
Good. I've made progress in my study recently.	You are so sweet. Today, something good happened again. Haha, I have been promoted.
Haha, thank you.	Thank you.
My favorite movie is My Dear Son.	Let me think, I think it's My Dear Son.
I like Bo Huang best.	Yes, he's the one and only. I only like Jacky Cheung.
Yes, he is also the Best Actor of the 15th Hong Kong Film Awards. I'm really proud of him.	Celebrities like him in the entertainment industry are worthy of people's love.
Yeah, I know. Jacky Cheung is a super star.	I don't know. As a famous singer, he should be more rigorous.
I'm not interested in this film.	I have seen it. Do you have any other recommendations?
What kind of movie is it?	Really? More than one director? Who are they?
That sounds good. I have to see it when I have time.	I remember the films of these two directors are very well. I will see it.
[6] I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[6] I'm so old that I need to go to bed again. Talk to you later.
Bye!	Haha, goodbye.
I'm on my way home.	Well, good morning. I'm on the way to school.
I didn't do well in the exam today.	Well, I did well in our exam. I'm very happy.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Jiaofei Zhang.
Yes.	Yes.
I'm six years old.	I'm six years old.
I like small animals, watching animation and listening to children's songs.	I usually like to watch animation and listen to children's songs.
[6] Hey hey. I'm getting home, bye!	[6] Hey, hey. I'm at school, goodbye.
Goodbye.	Well, OK.
Today is May 17, 2018.	Today is September 27, 2018.
[2] Thank you for your compliment. Today is also Andy Lau's birthday, who was born on September 27, 1961.	[2] Thank you. Today is the birthday of Andy Lau, who is a world superstar.
Of course, he is also the Outstanding Asian Artist of the World Music Awards, and the Chinese Film Media Award for Best Actor.	Andy is one of the Top Ten Outstanding Young People in the World. i must know him.
[3] Yes, he is really excellent. I recommend his movie, The Bare-Footed Kid, to you.	[3] Yes, Andy is really excellent. He not only sings well, but also performs well. Why don't you see his Days of Tomorrow? Andy looks so handsome in this movie.
It's Zhiliang Luo.	The director is Jeffrey Lau.
OK, you'll like it.	You won't be disappointed after seeing it.
See ya!	OK, see ya!
Good morning!	Good morning!
It's good. I got paid.	I've been under a lot of pressure recently. I'm a little tired.
My name is Yu Wang.	My name is Xiaoxiang Guo.
I'm a girl.	I'm a girl.
I'm six years old.	I'm nine years old.
Yes, I like small animals, animation and children's songs.	I like to play with small animals, watch animation, and listen to children's songs.
[6] I'm going to bed, goodbye.	[6] Heehee, because I want to grow up healthily. I'm going to school. Talk to you later.
Goodbye.	Bye!
Today is sunny with northeast winds. The high will be - 4 ℃, and low - 15 ℃.	Today's weather in Dalian is cloudy to light rain with southwest wind. The maximum temperature will be 18 ℃, and the minimum will be 12 ℃.
[2] It's a good day to listen to the song Who. It's a very nice song.	[2] It's really wonderful to have Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil in such weather.
It's a very popular hot dish.	Fish not only doesn't grow fat, but also have nutrition, especially grass carp is very delicious.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I'm sure you'll like the taste.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
He's a Libra.	He's a Libra.
[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend you a song named There Is a Place. It's a song about memories. It's very catchy.	[2] You are welcome. Do you like him? Jimmy is the winner of the 2003 American International Award for Distinguished Youth.
Yes, he has also won many awards, such as the Best Actor Award at Tokyo International Film Festival and the Best Actor Award at the China Image Film Festival.	Yes, and he has been elected the Top Ten Most Popular Idols in Taiwan for three times. He is very popular.
[3] When it comes to acting skills, have you ever seen the movie starred by him? It's called Hope for Love.	[3] Since you like his movie so much, then his touching movie Grandpa's Love is recommended to you!
There are also Bingbing Fan, Jackie Chan and Ray Lui.	There are Shaowen Hao, Long Huang, etc.
I'm sure you'll like it.	You won't be disappointed after seeing it.
Bye!	OK,goodbye.
Today is sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 19 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	The light rain will be followed by cloudy skies with northwest winds  today. The high temperature will be 20 ℃ and the low will be 11 ℃. Remember to take your umbrella.
[2] You're welcome. It's a good day to eat Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce.	[2] You are welcome. By the way, heehee, it's suitable for eating Sautéed Beef Fillet in such weather.
Yes. The point is that this hot dish can warm your stomach.	Yes, lean meat tastes good.
Then you can eat it.	[3] You can order it in Millennials Hometown Roasted Fish Restaurant.
It is 59 per person.	It's 35 yuan.
The address is on the second floor of Zhengheng Commercial Plaza, 111 Mingxiu West Road, Xixiangtang District.	The address is located at No. 93 Xili Road, Panyu District. It's No. 210 at second floor of Xili Square.
It's 3.7.	It's 4.1.
OK, I'm on it.	OK, no problem.
Bye!	Bye!
It's 12 o'clock at noon.	It's 20:00 p.m. on November 23, 2018.
[2] Hehe, by the way, today is mostly cloudy with southeast winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 5 ℃.	[2] Do you need to know about the weather?
OK, it's mostly cloudy with northeast winds today. The high will be 21 ℃ and low 13 ℃.	It's sunny with southeast winds today in Hangzhou. The high temperature will be 17 ℃ and the low will be 8 ℃.
All right. Bye!	You're welcome, goodbye.
It's 8 p.m.	Hello, it's 7:00 a.m. on November 11, 2018. Today is Sunday.
[2] Hehe, it's mostly cloudy with northeast winds today. The high will be 23 ℃ and low 15 ℃.	[2] Thank you for your praise. Would you like to know about the weather today?
Today's mostly cloudy with southeast winds. The high will be 25 ℃ and low 20 ℃.	It's light rain with variable winds today in Hangzhou. The high temperature will be 19 ℃ and the low will be 14 ℃.
You're welcome. It's my pleasure.	As long as I can help you, I'm very happy
I won't disturb you then. Bye!	OK, please call me next time. Bye.
She's type B.	She's type B.
[2] Do you like Bingbing Fan? She is known as the goddess of popularity.	[2] Thank you for your praise. I remember Bingbing was awarded the China Film Society of Performing Arts Award.
Yes, she has also won the Best Actress of the Golden Bauhinia Award.	Yes, it's her hard work that makes her present achievement. She also won the Best Actress of Beijing University Film Festival.
[3] Then I recommend you to see her movie, I'm Really Hurt, which is a good movie.	[3] Her Call for Love is recommended to you, which is a more successful film.
A comedy.	This is a love comedy.
I'm sure you'll like it.	OK, it's really worth seeing.
Bye!	Well, bye!
Today is cloudy with northeast wind, the highest temperature is 20℃, the lowest temperature is 15℃.	It's warm to remind you that it's cloudy to light rain with east wind in Fuzhou today. The maximum temperature will be 19 ℃ and the minimum will be 15 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. It's a good weather for eating Marinated Fish. Would you like to try it?	[2] Heehee, I will be shy with your praise. Marinated Fish is recommended to you in such weather!
Then you can eat it today. It's delicious.	Do you like Marinated Fish made with grouper?
[3] Then you can order Marinated Fish at Little Pink Fish Sichuan Restaurant.	[3] I recommend you to eat authentic Marinated Fish Chongqing Chicken Casserole Restaurant. It's a very good one!
The price per person is 31 yuan.	The cost per person is 30.
The address is No.18, Zhongshan Road, Yanta District (near ICBC Normal University branch).	The address is at the second shop in Student Street of Agriculture and Forestry University, Jinshan Road, Cangshan District, which is next to Aming Porridge Shop.
The score is 4.1.	The score is 4.
OK, I'm on it!	OK, I'm sure I will do it well.
OK, see ya!	OK, goodbye!
Today's weather is cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 16 ℃ and low 5 ℃.	It's sunny with south winds today in Lhasa. The high temperature will be 8 ℃ and the low will be - 8 ℃. The temperatures between day and night vary tremendously.
[2] You're welcome. The weather is suitable for listening to Time Boils The Rain. It's a hip-hop song with hip-hop elements.	[2] It's a good choice to eat Sautéed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce today. You can think about it.
You'll feel warm after eating this hot dish.	Yes, this dish cannot be missed.
[3] You can order Sautéed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce at Happy dumplings.	[3] Well, it's a very popular dish in Country Love Dumpling Restaurant. You can try it.
It's at the southeast corner of the intersection of Changjiang Middle Road and Guanting Road in Donggang District.	It's the front room, No. 97 at Jinzhu West Road, Chengguan District.
It's 3.7.	It's 3, not low.
The price per person is about 40 yuan.	It's 35 yuan.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	OK, I have successfully reserved it for you.
OK, see ya!	Okay, bye.
Today is January 18, 2018.	Today is October 18, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Do you know today is Xun Zhou's birthday?	[2] You're welcome. You know what? Today is Xun Zhou's birthday.
Xun Zhou has won The Magnolia Award for Best Actress.	Xun once won the Golden Horse Award for Best Actress. Your idol is really good.
[3] Then you can't miss this song She's Gone Far Away. It's a very touching song. It's in the style of British rock music in the 1980s.	[3] Would you like to see her Flying Swords of Dragon Gate? It's the first imax 3D movie. It's very good.
The film has a good reputation.	It has a good reputation.
You're going to love it.	I'm sure it won't let you down.
OK, see ya!	Sure, I won't keep you then, goodbye.
Today's weather in Hengshui is cloudy with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 21 ℃ and the minimum temperature will be 15 ℃.	Today's weather is light rain with northeast wind in Guilin. The high temperature will be 14 degrees Celsius, and the low will be 12 degrees Celsius.
[2] Hehe, this kind of weather is suitable for eating Sautéed Sweet and Sour Pork Tenderloin.	[2] Hee hee, it's wonderful to have a Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers in such weather.
Yeah, many people like this hot dish.	Yes, the taste of this hot dish is very delicious.
[3] If you want to eat it, you can go to Wazhidao Sichuan Restaurant. Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers is their specialty.	Thank you for that.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
It's 12 o'clock at noon.	It's 12 o'clock at noon.
[2] You're welcome. Today's sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 11 ℃ and low 2 ℃.	[2] You're welcome. Today, it's sunny with south winds. The high temperature will be 5 ℃ and the low will be - 4 ℃. Please keep warm.
Keep warm.	Yes, take your coat when you go out.
All right. Bye!	I won't bother you. Goodbye.
It's April 28, 2018.	October 18, 2018
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Xun Zhou's birthday.	[2] Let me test you. Today is the birthday of an outstanding actress who once won the Best Actress of the Golden Bauhinia Award in Hong Kong. Do you know who she is?
She has won the Best Actress of the Hong Kong Film Awards and the Best Actress of the Golden Bauhinia Awards. She is so excellent.	You are so smart. She is really the best actress in mainland China
[3] You like her so much. I'd like to recommend a movie called The Crescent to you. It's a good movie with sincere feelings and sincere words.	[3] Then The Equation of Love & Death is recommended to you, in which she acts excellently.
It's a crime and plot movie.	It combines love, plot and crime.
You'll like it.	Haha, you won't regret it.
See ya!	OK, bye.
It's November 6, 2018.	It's April 17, 2018.
[2] Today is also the birthday of Jiong He, the host of Hunan Satellite TV.	[2] It's OK. It's Jackie Chan's birthday today.
Yes, he's the king of action movies.	Haha, he's the King of Hong Kong film circle. There are many supporters.
[3] Let me recommend his movie to you. Jackie Chan's movies are always very exciting. This is a classic one. I recommend it to you.	[3] So his movie is really good. Let me recommend one. Jackie Chan: My Story tells the story of Jackie Chan's struggle. You can see  it.
The director is Jackie Chan.	The director is Jackie Chan, too.
Yes, his films are really good.	Yeah, it's worth seeing.
All right. Bye!	All right. Bye!
It's Leehom Wang.	Well, I know. It's Leehom Wang.
[2] Speaking of Leehom Wang, he is one of the 25 greatest actors in Asia on CNN.	[2] Thank you for your praise. I also know that he is a solid and talented singer.
He has also won the Huading Awards for Best Singer in the world.	He is a very good person. He is the Best Male Singer of the Year on the Global Pop Music Gold List.
[3] Yes, I recommend you to listen to his Chinese Soul. It is a song full of the creator's thinking and confusion about "race" and "class".	[3] He has a very popular song Beautiful, which mixes electronic dance music with drum, flute and guzheng. The innovation of Leehom Wang makes the song sound sexy.
It's really good. You can listen to it.	The name is good, and the song is very nice.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you need me to play this song for you now?
It's playing for you.	It's playing.
All right. Bye!	OK, see ya!
Hi.	Ha ha, you are also good.
Not bad. The work is very easy.	Not bad. It's just that I'm a little busy with work.
I like the movie named The Bare-Footed Kid.	I like The Crossing I I.
I like Na Xie best.	Xiaoming Huang
Yeah, I like him very much.	He also won the Golden Phoenix Award of the 12th China Film Performing Arts Association.
Ha ha, he's really excellent.	Yes, I hope he can bring more excellent works to the audience.
I'm not interested in this film.	That one I've seen already, not again.
I'm dying to see it.	Who is the director?
Sounds good. I'll see it sometime.	That's good. I'm going to see it.
[6] I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[6] OK, I have to get busy with my work. Talk to you later.
Today is May 17, 2018.	Today is April 28, 2018.
[2] You know what? Today is also Jiong He's birthday.	[2] Today is the birthday of Jiong He!
Yes, he is also the Best Entertainment Show Host of New Weekly.	He is an all-round host. He's one of the Top 10 TV Hosts of The Most Network Influence of the 3rd China Film and Television Network Influence Award. He also sings well.
[3] I'd like to recommend you his song All the Way. It's a very nice song. Jiong He's singing is very delicate and delicate.	[3] I recommend you to listen to the song Another Self sung by Jiong He. 41 years old Jiong He, who is challenging another myself and accomplishing his dream as a director, puts his heart into the song and conveys his youth attitude of "It's not too late".
I suggest you listen to it. It's very catchy.	I recommend you to listen to this song. It's very catchy.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play this song?
Another Self sung by Jiong He is playing for you.	There you go.
You're welcome. I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad to serve you. You can come to me if you want to listen to songs later.
Bye!	Bye!
He's a Scorpio.	Kris Wu is a Scorpio!
[2] You're welcome. Kris Wu is a famous star in China. He's very popular.	[2] I also know that Kris Wu has won Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony in 2015.
Kris Wu is a well-known and popular male star in China.	His music is also very good! Do you like his music?
[3] I'd like to recommend a song One Dream (Live). It's very good!	[3] I recommend you to listen to Chinese Soul, which integrates and re-innovates Eastern and Western elements, so as to better integrate rap music with Chinese traditional culture.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I'm not tired of listening to this song.
[4] Do you want me to play Chinese Soul for you?	[4] Do you want to play Chinese Soul for you?
Chinese Soul is playing for you.	Now playing Chinese Soul.
Bye!	Bye!
I'm very happy today.	Um-hum, pretty good.
Nothing special. It's just that the work is boring recently.	I did well in today's exam.
I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't really want to listen to music now.
I'd like to know the comments on Kris Wu.	I want to know what he has achieved.
He's really great.	He has achieved so much!
I've seen this one.	I've watched this movie. Change one.
How's the review?	Where is the movie from?
How about reputation?	I'd like to see some domestic films.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Hello, it's Mi Yang.	Hello, Hsu Chi is the star of Love Is Not a Game But a Joke.
[2] Of course, I also know Hsu Chi is a great actress.	[2] Thank you for your compliment. I do know the international stars like Hsu Chi.
Yes, she has also won the Most Popular Actress of the Magnolia Award of Shanghai TV Festival.	She is also very talented. She has also won Chinese Film Media Awards for Best Actress, which is a very big award with high honor. It is enough to prove her acting.
[3] I'd like to recommend a movie starred by her. It's called The Sun Washed by Spring Rain. It's a good movie.	[3] Ha ha, you appreciate her very much. The film Beijing Rocks starred by her shows the status quo of the underground rock in Beijing. It's very good. You can see it when you have time.
It's a love movie.	It's a feature and musical movie.
I'm sure you'll like it.	It won't let you down.
Bye!	Yeah, bye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	It's July 10, 2018.
[2] Today is Jacky Cheung's birthday. He was born on July 10, 1961.	[2] Do you know it's Jacky Cheung's birthday?
He's also the Most Popular Asian Artist of Channel V.	He has won World Music Awards for the Highest Record Selling Chinese Singer Award in the World.
[3] I recommend you to listen to Jacky Cheung's Heartburn, which tells a story of people's inner loneliness and powerlessness. I hope you like it.	[3] You can listen to his song Can't Fight The Feeling and you'll know what the top singer's song is like.
You can listen to it. It won't let you down.	Then you must listen to it.
[4] May I play it for you now?	[4] Would you like me to play it for you?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	Can't Fight The Feeling is playing for you.
OK, see ya!	Goodbye!
Today is sunny with south winds. The high will be 19 ℃ and low 9 ℃.	It's cloudy with southeast winds. The high will be 25 ℃ and the low 18 ℃.
[2] Thank you for your praise. It's a perfect day for eating Mapo Tofu.	[2] Thank you for your praise. You know what? This kind of weather is suitable for eating Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers.
Yes, fish head with diced hot red peppers is delicious.	Yes, it's a delicious hot dish. And you'll feel warm after eating it.
[3] It's great that you like it. I recommend you to order Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers in Wanzhou Roasted Fish.	[3] OK, I'd like to recommend you a restaurant called Old fellow Hunan Cuisine. The specialty there is Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers.
The price per person is 31.	It's 44
It's located at No.18, east gate of Baisheng Shopping Center, Hanjiang District.	It's on the 1st floor of Vienna Hotel, No.318 Tiyu Road, Humen Town.
It's 3.5.	The rating is 4.1out of 5.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	Yes, I have made a reservation for you
OK, see ya!	See ya!
Today's mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 18 ℃, and low 8 ℃.	Let me tell you. It'll turn from cloudy to sunny with southwest winds in Kunming today. The high will be 20 ℃ and low 7 ℃.
[2] Thank you for your praise. It's a good day to eat Marinated Fish.	[2] I recommend you to listen to Invisible Hands in today's weather. Netizens comment that they're surprised by the lyrics. It's very good!
It's Jiong He.	It's Jiong He.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] OK, can I play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	OK, it's playing. I hope music can bring you happiness.
I'm glad you like it.	I thought you'd like it, ha ha.
OK, good night.	OK. Goodbye!
Today is January 18, 2018.	Today is May 24th, 2018.
[2] You know what? Today is Cecilia Cheung's birthday.	[2] Today is Cecilia Cheung's birthday.
You have a good taste. Cecilia Cheung is a popular actress in Hong Kong. And she has won the Most Popular Actress of Asian Film Awards.	Yeah, she's a star with beautiful legs in the entertainment industry.
[3] Well, I'd like to recommend her movie The Crescent. Cecilia Cheung's performance in it is really wonderful.	[3] When it comes to acting skills, I must recommend you to see One Night in Mongkok. It's very good. The theme is very novel and the narration is quite fluent.
[4] Well, I recommend you to see his Tiramisu. It's very funny.	[4] How about Tiramisu? Nicholas Tse has always been regarded as cool in movies, and I also have this feeling, but this performance has some breakthrough, and occasionally an affectionate look can reflects his emotional side.
It's a love comedy.	Love and fantasy film.
I'm sure you'll like it.	OK, you'll like it.
Bye!	OK, bye!
Today is September 12, 2018.	Today is April 16th, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Jiong He's birthday.	[2] You're welcome. Today is also your idol Hsu Chi's birthday.
You're welcome. Hsu Chi is a model of a good girl.	Ha ha, it's OK. I'll remember it for you. Hsu Chi is outstanding. She has won the Golden Horse Award for Best Supporting Actress.
[3] I'd like to recommend you a movie named A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream. It's a great movie. I'd like to recommend it to you.	[3] Do you want to see Mojin-The Lost Legend starred by her? There are surprises in the special effects of the movie.
It's a comedy.	It's a feature film with fantasy and adventure.
I'm sure you'll like it.	It's good. I hope you'll like it.
Bye!	I won't keep you then, goodbye.
Today is payday.	Well, today's harvest is very rich. Would you like to hear about it?
[2] Today is a good day. I'm going to have a big meal.	I got bonus today. I'm so happy.
My name is Yu Wang.	My name is Pingqin Zeng.
No, I'm a lady.	Yeah, you're smart.
I'm 26 years old.	20 years old.
Ha ha, I like watching movies and chasing stars.	It's OK. Just watch movies and news.
All right. Bye!	OK, see ya!
OK, today is sunny with northeast winds. The high will be - 4 ℃ and low - 14 ℃.	It's cloudy with northeast winds in Wuxi today. The high will be 20 ℃ and low 12 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. It's a good day to eat Marinated Fish.	[2] You're welcome. It's a good weather for eating Marinated Fish. I recommend it to you.
Marinated Fish made with grouper is delicious.	Then you can try it. The key is that you'll feel warm after eating that.
[3] I recommend you to order Marinated Fish at Dongting Lake Hunan Cuisine. It's very good.	[3] The Marinated Fish in Shengtang Fish&Bullfrog No.1 Resyaurant is very delicious.
It's 32 yuan.	The price per person is 50 yuan.
The address is No.18, Zhongshan Road, Wuchang District (diagonally opposite to China Pacific Insurance Building).	The address is Qinyuanchun Stage 3, No. 18, Tianyi Street, Huishan District(the old Tangding Marinated Fish).
It's 3.9.	It's 4.1, which is good.
Sure, no problem.	I'll make a reservation for you now.
See ya!	Go ahead. Let's talk next time.
It's 8 p.m.	It's 20 o'clock in the evening.
[2] Do you want to know about the weather?	[2] You're welcome. By the way, it'll turn from sunny to cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 9 ℃ and low - 1 ℃. Please wear warm.
I will always be your sweetest baby.	I will always be your sweetest baby.
Me too.	Me too.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon!
I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	Ha ha, I'm happy when it comes to this. I did well in the exam and got a little red flower!
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Xinxiang Yu.
Yes.	Yes, my mother said I was a little man!
I'm six years old!	I'm six years old!
I like to play with small animals, watch animation and listen to children's songs!	I like playing with small animals, watching anime and singing children's songs.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6] Talk later. I'm going home.
Hong Kong, China.	In Kowloon, Hong Kong.
[2] Leslie Cheung is a famous movie star in Hong Kong.	[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Leslie Cheung, he's an ageless idol. He's also one of the 25 greatest actors in Asia on CNN.
Yes, he has also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor.	An excellent person like you has an unordinary favorite idol. He has also won The Most Popular Male Singers of Jade Solid Gold Awards.
[3] Leslie Cheung is a born artist. He's great. I'd like to recommend his song Where Are You Now to you. It's a very touching song.	[3] It's two lonely souls. Leslie Cheung's A Chinese Ghost Story is very good. Zhan Huang's song plays fully the characteristics of classical style. The streams in the woods are murmuring, and the piano and flute are playing one after another upstairs. Leslie Cheung's singing is also good. It can be said that it achieves the goal of melodious melody and profound lyrics.
Leslie Cheung's song is very good.	Yeah, it's Leslie Cheung's masterpiece.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play A Chinese Ghost Story for you?
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	This song is a classic work.
Bye!	OK, goodbye!
Light rain to cloudy with northwest wind. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 2 ℃.	Hello. It'll turn from light rain to overcast in Wuxi today. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 8 ℃. Remember to take an umbrella.
[2] It's a good day to eat Marinated Fish.	[2] Today's weather is very suitable for eating Spicy Crawfish.
Spicy Crawfish is a popular hot dish.	This is the most essential hot dish in summer.
[3] I recommend you to go to Wanzhou Marinated Fish. Spicy Crawfish is their specialty.	[3] If you want to eat, you can go to Shengtang Fish&Bullfrog No.1 Resyaurant. Their Spicy Crawfish is a specialty.
It's 50 yuan per person.	The price per person is 50 yuan.
It's located at No. 938 Nanjing West Road, Huishan District (diagonally opposite to China Pacific Insurance Building).	It's located at Qinyuanchun Phase 3, No.18 Shop, Tianyi Street, Huishan District (former Tangding Marined Fish).
It's 3.9.	The score is 4.1.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	OK, I'll make a reservation for you tomorrow.
Good night.	See you tomorrow. Good night.
It's sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 19 ℃ and low 7 ℃. It's a little cold.	It's light rain with northeast winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 13 ℃.
[2] Thank you for your praise. Today's weather is suitable for eating Marinated Fish.	[2] This kind of weather is suitable for eating Spicy Hot Pot!
Spicy noodles are delicious.	It's great to eat spicy noodles as watching movies!
Yes, you can try it!	[3] I happen to know a restaurant. I recommend you to order Spicy Hot Pot in Wanzhou Roasted Fish and Chongqing Casserole Chicken! The Spicy Hot Pot there is delicious.
The price per person is 65. It's very affordable.	It's in the second shop in Student Street of Agricultural and Forestry University, Jinshan Road, Cangshan District (next to Aming Porridge Shop). The price per person is 30 and the score is 4! It's a good choice!
Have a nice meal!	Okay, I'll do it now.
Bye!	Bye!
Good evening.	Good evening.
I'm very happy because I've been promoted recently.	Very good. I have made great progress in my study.
I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't really want to talk about music.
OK, he's my idol.	Sure.
Yes, I'm his big fan.	Of course, he is a myth in my heart.
I've seen it.	I've already seen it.
Who is the director?	I haven't seen this movie. What kind of movie is it?
I'll see it.	I like funny comedies best. I'll see it when I have time.
[5] I'll go home first. Talk to you later.	[5] I'm going to study. Only in this way can I make greater progress.
Goodbye.	Bye!
Hello, Andy Lau's birthday is September 27, 1961.	Hello, Andy Lau's birthday is September 27th, 1961.
[2] Speaking of Andy Lau, he is one of the Ten Outstanding Young Persons of Hong Kong.	[2] Andy Lau is a top actor. Do you like him?
Yes, he is also the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards and the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	Speaking of the top movie star, he has really won many acting awards, such as Chinese Film Media Awards for Best Actor, Golden Rooster Award for Best Actor, etc.
[3] Well, I'd like to recommend a movie, Foreign Lands, starred by Andy Lau, which is very good. It's a great movie.	[3] Yes, so would you like to see his movies to feel his acting skills? Foreign Lands is very good. Some people say that Chinese people must watch it after watching it, so the movie is very good.
Wenli Jiang, Lijun Sun, Lijun Wu, etc.	In addition to Andy Lau, Feng Gu and Xiong Lang are also the stars of the film.
I'm sure you'll like it.	You'll like this movie after seeing it.
Bye!	Bye!
It's Leehom Wang.	This is from Leehom Wang.
[2] Do you like Leehom Wang? He is a great singer. He won the 15th Huading Awards for Best Singer.	[2] He's a workaholic star in the entertainment industry.
Yes, he has also won the Golden Melody Awards for Best Mandarin Male Singer.	It's true. You know what? He has won the Most Influential Artist of the 3rd MTV in Japan.
[3] Yes, his song Impossible to Miss You is really good. Leehom Wang wrote the lyric in the lyric, which is worth listening to.	[3] His song Impossible to Miss You shows us the determination to love in the form of songs.
Yeah, you'll like it.	That sounds very good, too.
[4] May I play it for you now?	[4] How about playing it for you now?
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	As long as you like it.
Bye!	Bye!
I've been very busy recently.	Pretty good. I've been promoted.
Thank you.	Thank you.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Ling Chen.
You're so smart.	Yes, you are so smart.
I'm 22 years old.	I'm 27 years old.
I like watching movies and news.	I like watching movies, following some stars, watching news and so on.
[6] Well, I'm going to have a rest. Bye.	[6] Yeah, I'm going to clean up.
Bye!	Bye!
I'm on my way home.	Good afternoon. I'm going home.
Very good. I did well in the exam.	Recently I'm very good. I also did well in the exam.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Xuanzhou Chen.
Yes, I'm a boy.	Of course, you're so smart.
I'm 27 years old.	I'm 19 years old.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	I like stars and movies.
Ha ha, because I like Na Xie so much.	Haha, because I like Na Xie so much.
[6] Yeah, I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.
Of course, his birthday is on July 10th.	His birthday is July 10th.
[2] Thank you for your compliment. You know what? Jacky Cheung is a superstar in the music world. He has also won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.	[2] Thank you for your praise. He is the top singer, and he has won the Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards. Of course, I know more about him.
He has also won the Best Original Film Song of Golden Horse Award.	He has also won World Music Awards for the Best-selling Chinese Singer Award in the World.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his song Heartburn. It's a very good song.	[3] His song Be Torn with Grief sounds good. At the beginning, we didn't know what the song was about, but now we've been the one in the song. It's a classic lyric pop song.
Yeah, it's really a good song.	It's catchy.
[4] Do you need me to play it for you now?	[4] May I play it for you?
It's playing for you.	Here it goes.
I'm glad you like it.	I recommend it to you. It's not bad.
Bye!	All right. Bye!
It's mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The highest temperature will be 19℃, and lowest 10℃.	It's very cold. It'll turn from sunny to cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 12 ℃, and the low 0 ℃. Be careful not to catch a cold.
[2] It's really a good weather to listen to Who's the Keyman. It's a song about memories.	[2] It's OK. It's what I should do. You can eat Marinated Fish in this kind of weather.
This hot dish is really delicious.	You can go today. It's really great to have a bite of grouper with all kinds of seasonings.
[3] If you want to eat it, I recommend you to go to Wanzhou Roasted Fish. Their Marinated Fish is the speciality here.	You can go when you have time.
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	Today is October 26, 2018.
[2] Today is the birthday of Aaron Kwok.	[2] Thanks for the compliment. You know what? Today is also Aaron Kwok's birthday.
He's also the Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.	Yes, he has won Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.
[3] Ha ha, I'd like to recommend his movie Secret to you, which is a great movie.	[3] Do you want to see his Port of Call? The BGM, scenes and acting of this movie are wonderful. The acting skills of Xia Chun and Zhi Bai are excellent.
The score is 7.4. Pretty good.	The score is 7.3, which is very good.
It's a thriller comedy.	It's a feature film with crime and suspense.
I'm sure it won't let you down.	[4] Then I will leave you alone to the film now.
Bye!	Bye!
Today's sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 20 ℃ and low 8 ℃.	It'll turn from cloudy to sunny with north winds in Hefei today. The high will be 23 ℃ and low 10 ℃.
[2] Hehe, it's a perfect day to have Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili.	[2] You're welcome. Today's weather is very suitable for eating Red-Cooked Spare Ribs.
It's a very popular dish.	What a coincidence!
This dish is very tender and delicious.	It seems that you often eat this dish. You're full of experience!
OK, goodbye!	OK,goodbye.
Good morning.	Hello Hello
I've made progress in my study recently.	My work is boring recently.
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	My name is Xiaoyang Si.
You're smart. I'm a lady.	How do you know that? People think I'm a man when they look at my name, which makes a lot of jokes.
I'm 27 years old.	I'm over 50.
I usually like to listen to music and watch the news.	I have many hobbies. I like following stars, watching movies and listening to music. In order to avoid that I have nothing to do.
[6] OK, I'm going to work. I'll talk to you next time.	[6] Ha ha ha, that's true. Here I'm at the company. Let's talk next time.
OK, see ya!	Okay, goodbye.
Today is May 17, 2018.	Today is July 10th, 2018.
[2] Today is Jacky Cheung's birthday.	[2] Today is Jacky Cheung's birthday.
Yes, he has won the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards and the Best Original Film Song of the World Music Awards.	Yes, he is a popular singer in Hong Kong!
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend his song Self Directed Act, which is a combination of rap and Chinese style.	[3] Yes, you need to listen to his She Came to My Concert. The whole song takes a woman's several love bloomings as the main line, and Jacky Cheung's songs and concerts as the sub-line, showing the life long hurt and emotional experience of a woman.
Yes, it's very catchy.	That sounds good.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Need I to play it for you now?
She Came to My Concert is playing for you.	It's playing for you.
Bye!	OK, good night. Bye!
It's Xiaoming Huang.	It's Hsu Chi!
[2] Hsu Chi is a popular female star. Do you like her?	[2] Of course! And I also know Hsu Chi has won Huabiao Film Award for Outstanding Actress.
Hsu Chi has also won the Best Actress of the Asian Film Awards and the Best Actress of the Chinese Film Media Awards.	Yes, she is also a member of the committee of the Berlin International Film Festival.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend to you a movie starred by her. It's called A Better Tomorrow II. It's starred by Jiong He and Jiaofei Zhang.	[3] Since you like her so much, you can't miss her Viva Erotica. The film insinuates the plight of the Hong Kong film industry at that time.
It's 7.6.	The score is 7.6.
Hope you'll like it.	OK, you can share it with me after watching it!
Bye!	Goodbye!
He is 180cm tall.	He's 180cm tall.
[2] Thank you. Xiaoming Huang is the first post-90s star in the entertainment circle.	[2] Of course, I also know that he has won Hundred Flowers Award for Best Actor.
He is the Best Actor of the Hundred Flowers Award.	So you like him. He has won Best Actor of the 12th Changchun Film Festival·China.
[3] I recommend you to see his movie named Unforgetable, which is very good.	[3] I recommend you his Forever Young. The film tells four different stories in a non-linear narrative way, but points to a common theme, which is beautiful virtue and helpful words are the foundation of youth. If you haven't seen it, you can try to see it.
The director is Fangfang Li.	The director is Fangfang Li.
I'm sure you'll like it.	[4] Then I won't disturb you to go home. Please call me if you need, goodbye.
Bye!	Well, remember to call me.
It's October 18.	Xun Zhou's birthday is on October 18th.
[2] You're welcome. She's a beauty in the entertainment industry. Of course I know her.	[2] You're welcome. After all, Xun Zhou is known as the greatest young actress in China. I surely know her.
And she has won the Best Actress of Houston International Film Festival. She's really a great actress.	Xun Zhou has won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actress. It's no surprise that you like her.
[3] Since you like her so much, I'd like to recommend you the movie starred by her. It's called The Bare-Footed Kid. It's very good.	[3] Your idol really has a lot of excellent films. The Equation of Love & Death, which is said to be a wonderful story rarely seen in domestic films. Do you want to see it?
The score of the film is 7.4.	It's 7.3, which is good.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I'm sure it won't let you down.
Bye!	Okay, bon appetite! Bye!
Libra.	Xun Zhou is a Libra.
[2] Thank you. Xun Zhou is a very good actress. She won the Best Actress of the Asian Film Awards.	[2] Xun Zhou has won Golden Horse Awards for Best Actress. She's very famous.
Yes, and she has also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress.	This evaluation is very high, but she can afford it. She has also won the international awards such as The Asian Film Awards for Best Actress.
[3] Have you seen her movie The Big Stuff? It's an excellent domestic animation. I recommend it to you.	[3] Since you recognize her acting skills so much, I recommend you to see her movie The Little Prince, which is very touching.
[4] Rene Liu's movie is very good. I recommend you to see it.  It's a good movie.	[4] Then you can see Rene Liu's Migratory Bird, which is a very interesting movie!
The score is 7.6, very high.	The score is 7.7.
I'm sure you'll like it.	It will meet your expectation!
Bye!	Bye!
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon!
Not yet.	No, I ordered takeout.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	Not really for movie at the moment
Yes, I like him very much.	Jacky Cheung is very popular and I like him very much.
Yes, he is excellent.	Yeah, his songs have always been excellent.
I've heard it.	I'm not interested in this song.
Sounds good by the name.	Really? I really haven't heard Jacky Cheung's version of this song.
Sure.	Yes, go ahead.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm going to bed. Talk to you next time.	[6] That's it. Let's talk next time, bye.
Bye!	Mm-hmm.
Yes, I did.	Good afternoon. You are so smart. I just got bonus today.
Sure.	Yes, I will.
I like the movie named The Crossing I best.	I like The Crossing I best.
Ruby Lin, of course.	I like Xiaoming Huang best.
Well, Xiaoming Huang is my favorite star.	The acting skills are getting more and more mature. I'm very optimistic about him.
He is so excellent. He is worthy of being my idol.	Well, yes, he's excellent and kind-hearted.
I'm not interested in this movie.	I've seen this movie recently. I don't want to see it for the moment.
This movie should be very good.	What kind of movie is it?
It's my favorite type. I'll see it when I have time.	I like the type. What's the score?
I'll go and see it sometime.	Well, OK. Now I wanna see it.
See ya!	Bye!
He's 172cm tall.	Jay Chou's height is 175cm.
[2] Thank you. Speaking of Jay Chou, he has won the Best Selling Artist in China of the World Music Awards four times.	[2] Of course, I know so much, and I also know that Jay Chou has won Golden Melody Award for Best Mandarin Male Singer.
Yes, he is the most popular artist in Taiwan of MTV Asia Awards four times.	Even if he's an indoorsman, it doesn't affect him to be selected as one of the 25 most influential people in Asia on CNN.
[3] Well, do you want to listen to his song named Rain? It's very nice. Jay Chou sings in a way that makes people feel good.	[3] How about recommending a song of Jay Chou to you? The song Floral Sea is very catchy. It's a song full of island customs. Jay Chou sings it with island singing, which has a soothing power.
You can listen to it and feel it.	Yeah, it's Jay Chou's work after all.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] So I play this Floral Sea for you now?
Playing Floral Sea.	Floral Sea is playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	[5] I'm glad you like it. I'll recommend good songs to you in the future.
Bye!	Bye!
He is 180cm tall.	He's 180 cm tall.
[2] I also know that he won the 25th Golden Rooster Award for Best Actor.	[2] OK, I can tell you that Xiaoming Huang's birthday is November 13th.
He has also won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actor.	You have a good eye. His acting skills are very good. He has won Best Actor at 4th China Image Film Festival.
[3] Then I recommend you to watch his movie "The Bare-Footed Kid". It's very touching.	[3] In this case, I recommend you his film Ip Man 2. The film adds simple elements and humor with family as the center. It shows the truth in the ordinary and also shows the sincerity of the director. It's very good.
[4] OK, I'd like to recommend Mi Yang's movie named Unforgetable to you. She starred in it. It's really good.	[4] Then you can see A Fairy Tale in Beijing. In the movie, Mi Yang and Yikuan Yan put on a sad and beautiful love story of fighting against diseases and accomplishing dreams together.
It's a good movie. You'll like it.	Yes, I think you'll like it.
It's 7.6.	It's 7.
Okay, I'm sure you'll like it.	Well, it won't let you down.
Bye!	See ya!
Good morning.	Good afternoon!
I've made a lot of progress in my study recently.	I'm very happy. It's very easy to study.
My name is Ming Sun.	Yes. My name is Xinqian Zhang.
Yes, you're smart.	You're smart. That's right.
I'm six years old.	I'm eight years old.
I like animals, animation and nursery rhymes.	Usually I like watching animals as well as animation and listening to children's songs.
[6] Heehee, I'm going to eat, goodbye.	[6] Yeah, I will. I'm going to study. Bye.
See ya!	Mm-hmm.
It's 20 o'clock sharp in Beijing.	It's 12 o'clock at noon now.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, today is sunny with south winds. The high will be 6 ℃ and low - 5 ℃.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, it's cloudy with northeast winds today. The high will be 22 ℃ and low 13 ℃. Keep warm.
My pleasure.	My pleasure.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
Hi.	Hi!
I've been very busy recently.	Recently, I'm not busy with my work and the work is boring.
I like the movie named King of Comedy best.	I prefer King of Comedy. It's a good movie.
It must be Andy Lau.	That must be Cecilia Cheung.
Yes, I like her very much.	Yes, I like her very much.
She is really excellent.	It's really worthy. She's really excellent.
I've seen it.	I don't want to see it for the moment.
Who is the director?	What kind of style it is?
I really want to see it.	I really wanna watch comedy. I'll watch it.
[6] OK, I'm going to work. I'll talk to you next time.	[6] I'm going to work now. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
Xun Zhou is a Libra.	She's a Libra.
[2] Speaking of Xun Zhou, she is the best actress in the Asian Film Awards.	[2] I also know that Xun Zhou is from Zhejiang, China.
She has won the Most Anticipated Actor of the Chinese Film Media Award, and the Golden Horse Award for Best Actress.	Xun Zhou has won Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress, Golden Rooster Award for Best Actress, and China Film Director's Guild Awards for Best Actress.
[3] You can go to see her movie, The Bare-Footed Kid. The youth of the film is very young and handsome. It's worth watching.	[3] I recommend you her film Hollywood Hong-Kong, which focuses on exploring the dramatic elements of the changes in Hong Kong society at the turn of the century, showing a sense of uneasiness.
It's good.	Good reputation.
[4] OK, I won't disturb you, goodbye.	[4] Well, remember to see it. Don't disturb you, goodbye.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
It will turn from sunny to cloudy with variable winds. The high will be 20 ℃, and low 10 ℃.	It's sunny with north winds. The high will be 14 ℃ and low 0 ℃.
[2] It's a perfect day to eat Sautéed Beef Fillet.	[2] Ha ha, I like you too! It's suitable for eating Marinated Fish today. Eat it when you have time!
You can try it! It's delicious!	Do you have any food avoiding on this dish?
[3] I recommend you to go to The Big Stuffing Dumpling Restaurant. Marinated Fish is their specialty!	[3] It doesn't matter. You can order that according to the taste of different people. You can order Marinated Fish in Big belly Snow Dumplings. It's a specialty there!
59.0	44 RMB per person.
It's located at No.96, Huyuan 2nd Road, Xiaoshan District.	This restaurant is located in Zaoqiang County Construction Road and Plain Street intersection north 150 meters Road East
The score is 3.5	3.9
OK, I'll make a reservation for you!	OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.
Bye!	OK. Goodbye!
It's Bo Huang.	It's your favorite Xun Zhou.
[2] You're welcome. Xun Zhou is a great actress. She has won the Most Popular Actress of the Chinese Film Media Award.	[2] You're welcome. Anyway, when did you like her?
Ha ha, you have a good taste. She has won the Best Actress of Houston International Film Festival.	Yeah, that's great! She has won Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress and Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress. It's great to have such a favorite idol.
[3] I'd like to recommend a movie named Wonderful Happiness starred by her. It's very good.	[3] Speaking of her, she has acted a documentary film with great style called Children From The Distant Planet. I recommend it to you.
Not bad.	This is a domestic film with good reputation.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Yeah, you're going to love it.
OK, see ya!	Ok, good night.
Today's weather is cloudy with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 18℃ and the minimum temperature will be 7℃.	It's cloudy with northeast winds in Hefei on December 14th, 2018. The high will be 9 ℃ and low - 1 ℃. Please wear more clothes when it's cold.
[2] This kind of weather is suitable for eating Sautéed Sweet and Sour Pork Tenderloin.	[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for eating Marinated Fish! You'll feel warm and comfortable after eating it.
Really? It's delicious and delicious.	Grilled grouper tastes great. Many people like it very much!
[3] You can go to The Usual Place Sichuan Dishes, whose specialty is Marinated Fish.	You can find a restaurant with high score to eat that.
Bye!	Bye!
He's a Virgo.	Yes, it's Virgo.
[2] You're welcome. Leslie Cheung is an international superstar.	[2] Speaking of Leslie Cheung, he is a great artist!
He has won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor. He is also the Best Actor of the Golden Horse Award.	Leslie Cheung has won Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor, and the 30th Golden Horse Award for Best Original Film Song.
[3] Have you heard his song Thousands of Songs? This song is full of strong classical flavor. With the simple arrangement of several notes, the melody is exquisite and full of power. It's worth listening to.	[3] I recommend you the song Thousands of Songs sung by Leslie Cheung. Every lyric is what you think in your heart, and every rhyme is what you feel. The parting scene in the song is vividly displayed.
It's a very affectionate song.	You can listen and try to understand.
[4] Do you want me to play this song for you now?	[4] Do you need me to play this song for you?
OK, playing Thousands of Songs for you.	It's playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	You're welcome. Your favorite is the greatest support for me.
Bye!	OK,goodbye.
It's 8:00 a.m., December 24, 2018.	It's 10 p.m.
[2] By the way, today is cloudy with northeast wind. The high will be - 3 ℃, and low - 13 ℃.	[2] Ha ha. By the way, it'll turn from light rain to overcast with northeast winds. The high will be 19 ℃ and low 15 ℃. Please take an umbrella when you go out.
You're welcome.	My pleasure.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
Hello, Kris Wu is a Scorpio.	He is a Scorpio.
[2] Thank you. Kris Wu is a popular star.	[2] Thank you very much. Speaking of Kris Wu, he is a very popular idol.
Yes, and he has also won Asian Fashion Idol Award of Sohu Fashion Festival.	Moreover, he has been the first male star in the cover of the authoritative magazine.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his song Self Directed Act. It's a very good song.	[3] You can listen to this rhythmic Chinese Soul, which integrates Eastern and Western elements and re-innovates, so as to better integrate rap music with Chinese traditional culture.
Yes, it's very popular.	Yes, Kris Wu's singing is very impressive.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] How about I play it for you now?
OK, playing for you.	OK, play the song Chinese Soul right now.
OK, see ya!	Well. Be careful on the way, goodbye.
It's Kris Wu.	Kris Wu.
[2] You're welcome. Kris Wu is a versatile artist. He has also won the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony in 2015.	[2] You're welcome. After all, you probably don't know much about the post-90s new idol like Kris Wu.
September 27th.	The big boy's birthday is November 6th, 1990.
[3] You can listen to his song All the Way. It's a good song. His voice is really charming.	[3] Are you interested in his songs? I recommend you Explore.
[4] Do you want to listen to it now?	I'm glad you're interested. Lao Wu said it's a benefit for fans.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play Explore for you?
Explore is playing for you.	Explore is playing for you.
Bye!	See ya!
She's Taurus.	Na Xie is 166cm tall. She's a Taurus.
[2] Thank you. She is a very good host. She has won the Excellent Host Award of the 25th Golden Eagle Awards.	[2] Ha ha, thank you for your praise. I also know that she is a very straightforward person and has a good popularity in the entertainment industry.
Yes, she has also won Hundred Flowers Awards for Best Actress.	It seems that you like her very much. You must be a fan of her. She has also won the Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.
[3] Ha ha, I recommend you to see her movie, "Tales of A Dragon: A Classic Tale". It's a very good movie.	[3] Since you like her so much, I'd like to recommend you a movie Nana's Rose war. In this movie, Na Xie plays as she is, with "Na style" everywhere. You can't miss it if you like her.
The director is Sung Kee Chiu.	The director is Xiaozhe Dai?
OK, you'll love it.	Well, you'll love it!
OK, bye!	Okay,bye!
It's seven o'clock in the morning.	It's 6:00 p.m. on October 5th, 2018.
[2] It's mostly cloudy with northeast winds in Wuxi today. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 4 ℃.	[2] Ha ha. I remind you that it's cloudy with north winds in Nanjing today. The high will be 25 ℃ and low 16 ℃.
My pleasure.	You're welcome. I'll remind you often.
Bye!	Bye!
Yes, today is also Xiaoshan Wang's birthday.	Good morning. Yes, I study with full efforts every day.
Yes, I'm in a good mood today.	Yes, my study is better than before.
I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music now. Let's change the topic.
Leslie Cheung is my idol.	I've heard his songs before. They're very catchy. And I know he's a great actor.
He is worthy of my love.	Such high achievements! What a successful person!
I'm not interested in this film.	I've seen this movie. Change it.
What's the score?	Who is the director of this movie?
How do people say about it?	OK,  I'll see it.
OK, see ya!	Goodbye. Talk later.
It will turn from sunny to cloudy today. Northeast winds. The high will be 6 ℃ and low - 4 ℃. Keep warm.	It's cloudy with north winds. The high will be 26 ℃ and low 15 ℃.
[2] It's a nice day to have Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili.	[2] I recommend you a song called If It's Not Love, which is suitable to listen to today. This song is full of the creator's thinking and confusion about "love".
Yes. It's the theme song of the public welfare activity I Want To Go To School.	It's a classic old song. It tells a lot and is worth listening to.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] How about playing this song for you?
Sure.	I'll play it for you right away.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
OK, see ya!	I'm glad you like it. Byebye.
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon, baby.
It's easy.	I'm under a heavy work pressure. I work overtime every day. It's too cheating.
Lonely Shadow.	I like Descendants of the Dragon best.
Yes, it's Leehom Wang's song.	Yes, I love his songs.
Yes, he is not only good at singing, but also good at acting.	Yes, and I think he's so charming on stage.
I've heard it.	I don't want to hear this song for the time being.
The name sounds interesting.	Yes. Does it sound catchy?
I'll listen to it when I'm free.	Well, I'll listen to it.
OK,  play it.	Uh huh.
I'm glad you like it.	Okay, thank you.
OK, see ya!	Well, bye.
Hi, I'm not good. I didn't do well in the exam.	Not so good. I didn't do well in the exam. I'm not happy.
I hope so.	OK, I will.
My name is Xinqian Zhang.	My name is Xiaoqian Hu.
Yes.	Well, yes.
Eight years old.	I'm seven years old.
I like watching anime and listening to children's songs.	I like listening to children's songs, watching animations, ha ha.
[6] I'll go home first. I'll be home soon.	Thank you for your compliment.
[6] Heehee, I'm going to eat, goodbye.	[6] Ha ha, here I'm home. Talk later.
Hello, Kris Wu is 187cm.	Of course. He's 187cm tall.
[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Kris Wu, he's the first post-90s superstar on the cover of authoritative magazine.	[2] Kris Wu is a popular idol.
He has also won the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony in 2015.	He is not only handsome, but also accomplished. He has won Best Actor Award in Tokyo International Film Festival · China Film Week.
[3] I'd like to recommend a song Beautiful, which is the theme song of the movie Heroes 2.	[3] I recommend you a song Deserve. Fanfan's voice is so sexy.
It's a love song.	It's electronic.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] I can play it for you now. Do you want to listen?
OK, it's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
OK, see ya!	See ya!
Good afternoon!	Hello Hello
I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	It's not so good. It's going backwards.
I like The Sun Washed by Spring Rain best.	My favorite one is Seaside.
Of course I like him.	It's really a star with unique skills in the entertainment industry.
Yeah, he's excellent.	He has won Golden Melody Awards for The Most Popular Male Singer in Singapore for four times. He's amazing.
I've heard this song. Any other recommendations?	I've heard that.
It's a very good song.	I haven't heard this song.
I'm looking forward to this song.	Then I'll listen to it.
Yes, please.	Sure.
Thank you. You're great.	That's it. It's good.
[6] Talk later. I'm going to school.	[6] Here I'm at school. I'll talk with you when I have time. Bye.
Bye!	Bye!
Hello, I've been very busy recently. The work is boring.	I'm very busy with work.
Well, I see.	Ok, I got it.
My name is Yuzhen Hu.	My name is Fanguo Guo.
I'm a man.	I'm a man, of course.
I'm 40.	I'm 50 years old.
I like stars, watching movies and news.	Watching movies and news.
[6] Well, I have something else to do.Goodbye.	[6] It's OK. I'm going to eat. Let's talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
Today's weather is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 22 ℃ and low 11 ℃.	It's cloudy with variable winds. The high will be 26 ℃ and low 20 ℃.
[2] Hehe, this kind of weather is suitable for eating Marinated Fish.	[2] It' is suitable for eating Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili in this kind of weather.
Yes, many people like this hot dish.	And you'll feel happy after eating this hot dish.
Yes, I hope you like it.	[3] Well, many people order Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili in Millennials Hometown Roasted Fish. You can try it.
It's 4.2.	The score is 4.1.
It's 54 per person.	Thirty-five yuan.
It is opposite to Hong Kong International Film Festival, Victoria shopping center, 200 meters west of Hong Kong International Plaza, Huishan District.	It's in No.93 Xili Road, Panyu District (Shop 209, Second Floor of Xili Square).
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	OK, booking succeed.
OK, goodbye.	Yes, anytime.
OK, playing now.	OK, it's playing for you.
[2] You're welcome. My recommendation is also to you, The Crescent. It's a good song. It describes the parting mood of lovers. It's very nice.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, do you want to listen to another song A Man Of Intention by Leslie Cheung? It's also great. It's one of Leslie Cheung's most boudoir works. I recommend it to you.
How about A Man Of Intention by Leslie Cheung? It's a classic song in the hearts of his fans. It's also a classic song in the hearts of his fans.	Well, then I recommend you Toward the Future. It's also the theme song of the movie A Better Tomorrow II.
Well, it's also a very touching song.	Yes, a song full of hope.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you need me to play it for you now?
There you go.	Yes. The song is playing.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Today is May 17, 2018.	It's January 18, 2018
[2] You're welcome. Today is Jay Chou's birthday.	[2] You know what? Today is the music model Jay Chou's birthday!
Yes, he is excellent!	He's the dream idol of many girls.
[3] I'd like to recommend his Rain. It's a good song. Jay Chou sings with delicate voice, which has a soothing power.	[3] Do you know his song Rooftop? It's a typical work of Jay Chou style. It's undeniable that this song has strong artistic characteristics of Jay Chou.
Yes, you can listen to it.	Yeah, it's a great song.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] You're lucky. I can play it for you now.
OK, it's playing for you.	You're welcome! I'm glad you like it.
OK, bye!	Goodbye.
I'm in a good mood today.	I'm very happy today.
Yes, I've made progress in my study.	Of course, I did well in the exam!
My name is Xiaoxiang Guo.	My name is Qizhen Ji.
Yes.	Yeah, great!
I'm 17 years old.	I'm 27 years old.
I like watching movies and news.	Like other young people, I like following stars, watching movies and so on.
I like the song named Love Now.	I really like Wonderful Happiness recently.
Bye!	All right, goodbye!
It's 8 p.m.	It's 10:00 p.m.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, it'll turn from sunny to cloudy today in Luoyang. Northeast winds. The high will be 22 ℃ and low 10 ℃.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, it'll turn from sunny to cloudy with north winds today. The high will be 9 ℃ and low - 3 ℃. Wear warm.
My pleasure.	I will always be your sweetest baby.
Me too.	Me too.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
It's sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 6 ℃ and low - 4 ℃. Be sure to keep warm.	Today is sunny in Kunming with southwest winds. The high will be 19 ℃ and low 4 ℃.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Lamb Kebab.	[2] Of course I am! Today is a sunny day. I recommend you to listen to the song Orchid Pavilion. This song has a long lasting charm and makes you taste it again and again. It can bring you a good mood for whole day!
It's Jay Chou!	It's Jay Chou.
[3] Can I play it for you now?	[3] Do you need to play it now?
Orchid Pavilion is playing for you.	OK, it's playing. I hope it can bring you happiness.
I'm glad you like it.	That's for sure. What I recommend is good. Believe me.
Goodbye!	OK,  and study hard. Bye!
I'm on my way home. I'm very happy today.	I'm taking care of my grandson. He's too naughty.
Thank you.	That's right.
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	Xinbin Liu.
I'm a lady.	I'm a male.
55.0	I'm 58 years old.
I like stars, watching movies and news.	I really like watching movies.
[6] Hey hey. I'm getting home, bye!	[6] Yes, ha ha. OK, I'm going to cook for my grandson.
Bye!	See ya!
Today is November 6th, 2018.	Today is August 26, 2018.
[2] Hehe, today is the birthday of the idol Bo Huang.	[2] Thank you for your praise. By the way, today is the birthday of Bo Huang, the mainland actor.
He has also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor. He is excellent.	Bo Huang has won Beijing College Student Film Festival for Best Actor. You really have a good eye.
[3] Then I'd like to recommend a movie Bo Huang starred. It's called Bo Huang's Impossible to Miss You.	[3] You also need to support your idol's works. He has a wonderful film called Mojin-The Lost Legend. Are you interested in it?
The score is 7.3.	The score is 7.5.
I'm sure you'll like it.	OK. Movies made by excellent people are generally very excellent.
All right. Bye!	All right. Bye!
Yes, her birthday is April 16, 1976.	Hi. Yes, Hsu Chi's birthday is April 16.
[2] Of course, she is a popular actress in China.	[2] Hsu Chi is an excellent star, a member of the jury of Cannes International Film Festival, Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress and Shanghai Film Critics Awards for Best Actress.
Ha ha, Hsu Chi won the Best Actress of Tokyo International Film Festival, and her acting is also very good.	Yes, Hsu Chi is a beautiful woman.
[3] Yes, by the way, I'd like to recommend a movie starred by Hsu Chi,  The Bare-Footed Kid. This movie is also a documentary.	[3] Needless to say, the films she starred are all first-class. For example, The Island has good plots and deep characterization. I recommend it to you.
It's a love movie.	It is a comedy.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I'm sure you'll like it.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
Virgo.	Virgo.
[2] You're welcome. Bingbing Fan is a popular idol.	[2] You're welcome. Bingbing Fan is one of the most popular actresses.
She is also the Best Actress of the Hong Kong Film Awards. She has also won the Best Actress Award of the Golden Horse Awards.	She has also won Beijing College Student Film Festival for Best Actress.
[3] I'd like to recommend her movie named The Bare-Footed Kid. It's very touching.	[3] Then you can see her movie I Am Not Madame Bovary, which tells an absurd and realistic story in Chinese county.
It's a comedy.	It's a dramatic comedy.
OK, I hope you like it.	You'll like it.
Bye!	OK, go ahead. Goodbye.
Xiaoming Huang.	It's starred by Leslie Cheung.
[2] Speaking of Leslie Cheung, he's a legendary artist.	[2] Hee, hee, I'll be shy. Speaking of Leslie Cheung, he is one of CNN's 25 Greatest Actors in Asia.
Yes, and he is also the first Chinese singer to be famous in South Korea.	Indeed, he is not only a great singer, but also an excellent actor. I like him, too!
[3] Have you ever listened to the song Blamefully Beautiful? This song is also sung by Leslie Cheung. It's a very good song.	[3] That's good. I'd like to share with you a very good movie called Left Right Love Destiny. It's a very French short film. Brother Zhang in the movie is very elegant!
The director is Jeffrey Lau.	The director is Leslie Cheung. He is so great!
I'm sure you'll like it.	Be sure to watch it!
All right. Bye!	OK. Talk to you later. Bye!
Xun Zhou is 161cm tall.	Xun Zhou is 161 cm tall.
[2] Thank you. I also know that Xun Zhou is the Best Actress of the Asian Film Awards.	[2] Thank you. I also know that Xun Zhou has won Golden Rooster Award for Best Actress.
She has won the Best Actress of Chinese Film Media Award.	OK, she has won Golden Horse Award for Best Actress and Hundred Flowers Award for Best Actress.
[3] Ha ha, I'd like to recommend a movie of her. It's called The Bare-Footed Kid. You can have a look.	[3] Yes, she has a lot of fans. Let me recommend one of her movies Life and Death Plunder to you, which is very touching.
It enjoys a good reputation.	Good reputation.
I'm sure it won't let you down.	Ok, no problem.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
It's playing To Love You is to Love Myself for you.	To Love You is to Love Myself  is playing for you.
[2] I'd like to recommend another song of Jacky Cheung, The Crescent. It's a classic song in Jacky Cheung's work.	[2] You're welcome. Do you particularly like listening to Leehom Wang's songs? I know a very touching song called All the Things You Never Knew sung by Leehom Wang, which is very impressive both in its melody and its lyrics matching with movie. I recommend it to you.
Then you can listen to his All the Things You Never Knew, which is full of strong classical flavor, profound and sincere words and music arrangement, and every note hits the heart.	You can listen to his Open Fire. It's a combination of martial arts and Taigu arrangement. This song is the pride of Chinese!
Then you can't miss it.	This song is very nice and worth listening to.
[3] Do you want me to play this song for you?	[3] Can I play this song for you?
Open Fire is playing for you.	Open Fire is playing for you.
You're welcome. You can come to me if you want to listen to music later.	You're welcome. You can tell me if you want to listen to music.
Bye!	OK, talk to you next time. Bye!
Today's weather is cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 16 ℃ and low 5 ℃.	Light rain ends with sunny skies. North winds. The high will be 20 ℃, and low 10 ℃.
[2] Hehe, it's a good day to listen to The 18 Martial Arts. The song integrates the eastern and western elements and makes innovations to better integrate rap music with Chinese traditional culture.	[2] It's a nice day today. It's a good choice to listen to music. This song Chinese Soul is very good. It's a combination of eastern and western elements for innovation, so that rap music can be better combined with Chinese traditional culture.
It's Kris Wu.	It's Kris Wu.
[3] Shall I play this song for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play this song for you now?
OK, playing Chinese Soul for you.	OK, here it goes.
OK, see ya!	Okay, bye.
It's 6 p.m.	It's Saturday, October 6, 2018, 20:00.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, it will turn from overcast to light rain with northeast winds in Tianjin today. The high temperature will be 24 ℃ and the low will be 19 ℃.	[2] Let me tell you abut today's weather. There will be a shower with variable winds. The high will be 18 ℃ and low 14 ℃.
My pleasure.	Of course I am.
See ya!	Bye!
Good afternoon!	What's up?
Not bad. I did well in the exam.	It's good, but my study is stressful for me.
My name is Xiaoshan Wang.	I am Jiaoyang Xing.
Yeah.	Sure.
I'm 26 years old.	17 years old.
I like listening to music and watching news.	I love watching movies.
See ya!	Bye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	Today is July 10, 2018.
[2] You know what? Today is Jacky Cheung's birthday.	[2] Today is also Jacky Cheung's birthday.
Well, Jacky Cheung won the World Music Award for Best-Selling Asian Artist.	It seems that I reminded you in time. Speaking of  Jacky Cheung, he is the Most Popular Asian Artist of Channel V and Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards for Most Popular Male Singer.
[3] I'd like to recommend you his song There Is a Place. The song is a lyric song about memories. I hope you like it.	[3] I'd like to recommend his song She Came to My Concert. The whole song takes a woman's love blooming several times as the main line, and Jacky Cheung's songs and concerts as the dark line, showing the hurt and emotional experience of a woman's life.
Yes, the song is also very good.	It's a beautiful song.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you need me to play it for you?
She Came to My Concert is playing for you.	OK, the song in playing for you.
See ya!	OK, remember to call me. Goodbye..
Today is September 12, 2018.	Today is October 26.
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Aaron Kwok's birthday.	[2] You're welcome. You know what? Today is also the birthday of Aaron Kwok, who won the Golden Horse Award for Best Actor. Do you like him?
Then you really have good taste. Aaron Kwok won the Golden Horse Award for Best Actor.	He is really an excellent actor. He is very attentive in filming. He has also won Golden Horse Awards for Best Actor for two times.
[3] I'd like to recommend a song named All the Way to you. The song is full of the feeling of loneliness and powerlessness of love. It's not bad. I hope you like it.	Yeah, and he's a star who set the Guinness record. He's really amazing
[3] I'd like to recommend you to watch the movie Secret, which is starred by Aaron Kwok. It's very good. Do you want to see it?	[3] It seems that you like him very much. Let me recommend a movie called Murderer starred by him. Murderer explains the whole story very well.
The director is Zhiliang Luo.	The film is directed by Xianyang Zhou.
It's a feature film.	It's a very wonderful crime, suspense and feature movie. It will not let you down!
OK, I hope you like it.	[4] OK, enjoy the wonderful performance of Best Actor of Golden Horse Awards. I won't disturb you. I'll talk to you next time. Goodbye.
Bye!	Goodbye!
It's Bingbing Fan.	The leading star is Nicholas Tse.
[2] You're welcome. Nicholas Tse is a very good actor.	[2] You're welcome. Nicholas Tse is a man in the entertainment industry who is good at pleasing his wife. He's very charming.
You have a good taste. He has won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Supporting Actor, and he's also the winner of the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.	Otherwise, how can he be the Image Ambassador of the Hong Kong SAR.
[3] Speaking of Nicholas Tse, he is also the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	[3] Yes, but don't forget that he is an actor. Tiramisu starred by him is very good. Although it was a film ten years ago, it is also the most unforgettable one!
It's a crime and action movie.	It's a movie of love and fantasy.
I'm sure you'll like it.	You will love it!
All right. Bye!	OK, see ya!
Hello, I'm not happy because I didn't do well in the exam recently.	Good afternoon!
On the way home.	Just chilled. I have nothing to do.
My name is Yu Wang.	My name is Yuzhen Hu.
Yes, I am.	I'm an old boy, ha ha.
I'm just 20 years old.	I'm 65. I've already retired.
I like listening to music.	I usually like watching movies and listening to music.
I like the movie Anecdote of the Court of Heaven.	I like watching Anecdote of the Court of Heaven.
Bye!	Okay, goodbye.
It's not very good. I failed in the exam.	Yes, I had a good time today.
Yes, I did well in today's exam.	Today we had an exam. I did it very well.
My name is Qijiang Jin.	My name is Xinqian Zhang.
Yes.	Uh huh.
I'm six years old.	I'm nine years old.
I like small animals, watching animation and listening to children's songs.	I usually like listening to children's songs and watching animation.
[6] Hey hey. I'm getting home, bye!	[6] Hey, hey. I'm going to study, goodbye.
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon, cute guy.
I'm very good recently. I've made progress in my study.	Good. I got salary again.
Not really for movies at the moment.	I don't want to talk about movies now.
Yes, I like her very much.	It's her. She is the most beautiful woman in China.
Yeah, she's really good.	Yes, she's a hard worker.
I've heard this song. Anything else?	I've listened.
I haven't heard it yet.	Is it nice?
Then I'll listen to it.	OK. I want to listen to it.
Sure.	Yep
Thank you.	OK, thank you.
Yeah, bye!	See ya!
It's seven o'clock in the morning.	Hello, it's 12:00 noon on October 22, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, today's weather is mostly cloudy with southeast winds. The high will be 24 ℃ and low 17 ℃.	[2] I'm flattered. Let me tell you today's weather. Sunny with south winds in Jinan. The high will be 22 ℃ and low 10 ℃.
You're welcome.	You're welcome. I'm happy to help you.
Bye!	OK, bye!
Pretty good. The work is easy. I'm relaxed.	Hee hee, I'm very happy. I've made a lot of progress in my study recently.
Thank you.	Thank you for your praise.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Xiaoxaing Guo.
I'm a girl.	I'm a girl.
Eight years old.	I'm eight years old.
I like to play with small animals, watch animation and listen to children's songs.	I usually like listening to children's songs and watching animation.
[6] Hee hee, I'm going to eat, goodbye.	[6] Yes, it's nice to chat with you. I'll go home, and I'll talk to you next time.
Bye!	Hee hee. Goodbye.
Hello, the star of this movie is Aaron Kwok.	Hello, this movie is starred by Bingbing Fan.
[2] Do you like her? She is a beautiful actress in the entertainment industry.	[2] She was born in 1981. She is a recognized beauty star.
She has also won the Best Actress of the Golden Bauhinia Awards. She is really good at acting.	Yes. She has won many awards. She is also a member of the jury of Cannes International Film Festival. Besides her, which actress can do it? I think it will be the best proof of her strength.
[3] If you like her so much, you can't miss the movie named "She Came to My Concert". It's a movie about memories. In addition to Bingbing Fan, there are also Jinbao Zheng and Qixiang Wang.	[3] The movie Cell Phone starred by her is a good thought-provoking movie. I recommend it to you.
In addition to Bingbing Fan, there are Zheng Xu and Qiqi Wu.	In addition to Bingbing Fan, there are You Ge, Fan Xu and Guoli Zhang in the film.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I believe you will like this film.
Bye!	Bye!
It's 8 p.m.	It's 8 o'clock in the morning.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, today's weather is light rain with northeast winds. The high will be 26 ℃ and low 19 ℃. Keep warm.	[2] You're welcome. It'll turn from cloudy to sunny today. Northern winds. The high will be 23 ℃ and low 8 ℃.
Keep warm.	This weather matches with Marinated Fish.
[3] You can order Marinated Fish at Yuweitang Flavour Sichuan Restaurant.	You're welcome. It's my pleasure to serve you.
[3] If you want to eat Marinated Fish, I recommend you to go to Xiangfulou Marinated Fish. The Marinated Fish in this restaurant is very delicious.	Me too.
Bye!	Okay. Goodbye.
He's 180cm.	Xiaoming Huang is 180cm tall.
[2] Thank you. He is a famous star in the entertainment circle.	[2] Hee hee, Xiaoming Huang is so famous. He has also won Top Ten Outstanding Youth in Shandong Province. Of corse I know him.
Yes, he has also won the Most Popular Actor of the Golden Rooster Awards. He is really excellent.	You have a good vision. He is a hard-working young man and his acting skills are getting better and better.
[3] Ha ha, his acting skills are really good. He has also won the Best Actor Award of the 12th China Changchun Film Festival. His acting skills are really amazing.	[3] It's true that his acting skill didn't disappoint the audience. I recommend you to see his movie Sacrifice. It's very good with good reputation.
The director is Chongji Zhao.	The directors are Kaige Chen and Chongjie Ma.
OK, you'll love it.	Sure.
Bye!	Bye!
Hello, it's Andy Lau.	Yes. It's Xun Zhou.
[2] You're welcome. Xun Zhou is the Best Actress of the Asian Film Awards. Do you like her?	[2] Speaking of Xun Zhou, she's an actor of grace and strength who combines charm and sensitivity.
Yeah, she is excellent. She has won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress.	Moreover, she has also won Hong Kong Film Awards for Best Actress, which is also a recognition of her acting skills.
[3] I recommend you to see her movie, A Man Of Intention, which is a good domestic film.	[3] When it comes to acting, I'd like to recommend her Children From The Distant Planet, which is a good movie to learn about autism.
It's a feature film.	It's a documentary.
The score is 7.6.	8.3.
You're going to love it.	You're gonna love it.
See ya!	See ya!
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon.
Yes, I'm stressful on my study.	It's too much pressure to study. I'm a little depressed.
I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music for the time being. Let's change another.
I like him very much.	I'm not very familiar with him. Can you introduce him to me?
His acting is really good. He has also won the 15th Huading Award for Best Actor.	He was born in 1990. He is quite young.
I've seen this movie. Any other recommendations?	I've seen this one. Please recommend another one.
Who is the director?	What's the reputation of this movie?
OK, I'll see it when I have time.	OK, I'll watch it.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Yes, she is 168cm tall.	Yes of course. Cecilia Cheung is 165 cm tall.
[2] I'm flattered. Cecilia Cheung is a beauty with good acting skills. Of course I know her. She has won the Golden Bauhinia Award for Best Actress.	[2] Speaking of Cecilia Cheung, she is the star crazy for of The World Cup.
She is not only beautiful, but also acts well. She has won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress.	You have a good eye. She has won New York Chinese Film Festival for Outstanding Asian Artist. She has also won the 19th Hong Kong Film Awards for Best Newcomer.
[3] Speaking of acting skills, I recommend you to see her movie named Cecilia Cheung's Rose War, which is an impressive movie. It tells the story of a woman who is torn between love and war.	[3] Cecilia Cheung's acting skills are really perfect. I recommend you to see her Left Right Love Destiny which is a French short film. It's worth watching.
[4] I happen to know one of his movies. Would you like to see it?	[4] Then you can see Invisible Target starred by Nicholas Tse. The most impressive plots is the dazzling action and blasting scene.
It's a drama combined with action and horror.	This is a crime and action movie starred by Nicholas Tse, Jaycee, Shawn Yue, etc.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I believe it won't let you down.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Good evening.	Good evening.
I've made progress in my study recently. I'm so happy.	I've been busy with looking after my grandson recently. I'm very tired.
Not really for movies at the moment.	I don't want to talk about movies now.
I like him very much.	It's Xiaoming Huang. I like him.
He is really outstanding.	Of course, he is excellent.
I've heard it.	Sorry, I'm not interested in this song.
This song sounds good.	Really? I'll try it.
Well, I'll listen to it.	OK. I want to listen to it.
Yes, please.	Sure.
[6] OK, I'll listen to the song first. See you next time.	Then I'll listen to the song first.
Bye!	See ya!
OK, playing now.	There Is a Place is playing.
[2] You're welcome. Besides, Jay Chou's another song All the Things You Never Knew is also very good. This song is full of the creator's thinking about "everything is in time". You can listen to it.	[2] You're welcome. In the Live MV of Dad Where Are We Going? sung by Kris Wu, the leading singer Kris Wu's apperance is really handsome. It's a very good song.
Another one? Another one? How about November Rain? It's super nice. I recommend it to you.	What about A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream with blood brothers feelings? This song is a perfect combination of Chinese style and electronic music. Kris Wu performed these two  seemingly opposite music styles perfectly. You can listen to it
Yes, it's a very popular song.	Kris Wu sings it with his own style.
[3] Shall I play it for you now?	[3] Can I play it for you now?
Playing A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream for you.	A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream is playing for you.
You're welcome. I'm glad you like it.	You're welcome.
Bye!	OK, talk to you next time.
Pretty good. I've made progress in my study.	Hello, I'm on my way to work. It's very easy at work.
Thank you for your praise. I will work harder in the future.	Yeah, and there's time to relax myself.
My name is Yuzhen Hu.	My name is Xuanqi Chen.
I'm a man.	I'm flattered. I'm a man.
I'm 37 years old.	I'm 55 years old.
I usually like to listen to music and watch movies.	I like listening to the music. I like the song Another Self very much.
[6] OK, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[6] OK, I'll give it a try. Here I am at the company. I'll talk to you when I have time.
Bye!	Well, bye.
It's 10 p.m.	20 18-11-24 8:00 am, Saturday. I'm on the way to work,
[2] I'm flattered. By the way, today is mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 16 ℃ and low 6 ℃. Remember to wear more clothes.	[2] Hee hee. By the way, today's weather is  mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 18 ℃ and low 7 ℃.
Thank you for that.	This is what I should do.
Okay, bye.	See ya!
It's Jay Chou.	The lead singer of The Promised Love is Jay Chou.
[2] Jay Chou is one of the 100 Outstanding Actors in Chinese Films Century.	[2] [2] Speaking of Jay Chou, he is one of the most popular star  in Asia. He is also one of the 25 Most Influential Persons in Asia on CNN.
He is the prince charming of Taiwan, and he is also the winner of Golden Melody Awards for Most Popular Male Singer.	Moreover, he has won World Music Awards for Best-selling Chinese Singer Award and IFPI HK Top 10 Sales Mandarin Album for seven consecutive years.
[3] I recommend you to listen to The Crescent. The lyrics of the song are beautiful and lively. The arrangement of the music makes people's blood boil. The use of drum in the song is very brilliant.	[3] Yes. I'd like to recommend his song Rain to you. It's a piano music created by Jay Chou. In the movie Secret, there are two clips of piano music Rain.
It's very popular.	Just listen to it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you?
Playing Rain for you.	OK,  Rain is playing for you.
See ya!	OK, have a good time. Goodbye.
Good afternoon!	Hey, good afternoon.
Study pressure is too heavy recently.	Don't mention it. It's very tiring to look after my grandchild.
I like the movie Hand Phone best.	Hand Phone.
Ruby Lin.	Yes, it's hers.
Yeah, she's amazing.	Yes, I like her very much. She is really beautiful.
Yes, she is really excellent.	Yeah, she's amazing all the time.
I'm not interested in this movie.	I've already watched it.
What kind of movie is it?	How about the word of mouth?
OK, I'll watch it when I have time.	Then I'll watch it.
[6] I'm home. Talk to you later.	[6] Talk to you later. Goodbye.
Bye!	Bye!
It's sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 12 ℃ and low 2 ℃. Keep warm.	Sunny early and overcast later. Southeast winds. The high will be 11 ℃ and low 3 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. It's a perfect day for Sautéed Beef Fillet.	[2] You're welcome. This weather is suitable for Sautéed Sweet and Sour Pork Tenderloin!
Of course, this dish is really delicious.	I'm sure that I know your favorite dish. I'm so smart.
[3] Then I recommend you to order Sautéed Sweet and Sour Pork Tenderloin at Wanzhou Roasted Fish.	[3] If you want to eat, I recommend you to order from Happy dumpings. It serves better dish!
It's located at No.10 Zhongshan Road, Shinan District. The score is 3.7.	The average price is 48. The address is the fourth floor of the Complex Building, East building of Chinatown Centre, Hong Kong Street. The score is 4.2!
OK, I'll make a reservation for you!	OK, I believe yo u'll have a happy dinner!
Bye!	OK, bye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	Today is August 26.
[2] You know what? Today is Bo Huang's birthday.	[2] Yes, I am! You know what? Today is the birthday of Bo Huang, the talent of variety show!
Yes, and he's also an idol of the Chinese people! He has won the Best Actor of the Asian Film Awards.	You are a little incompetent as a fan. He is an excellent actor with many fans!
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend you his movie "Dying", which is very good and has a good reputation!	[3] Yes. Since you like him, I recommend you to see his The Miracle World. The movie makes people wake up at the end!
The score is 7.4.	The score is 7.5.
You're gonna love it.	You won't be disappointed.
See ya!	OK, go ahead. Goodbye!
Today is cloudy to sunny with northeast wind, the highest temperature is 13℃, the lowest temperature is -5℃.	Sunny with variable winds. The high will be 11 ℃ and low - 3 ℃. Keep warm when you go out.
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for eating Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] You're welcome. Today's weather is perfect for Braised Chicken with Mushroom.
Yes. This cold dish is very popular.	It's a hot dish. It can bring you warmth in this winter.
[3] If you want to have it, I recommend you to order Braised Chicken with Mushroom at Yufeiyu Fashion Hunan Cuisine. You can also book in advance.	[3] If you want to eat it, you can go to Country Love Dumpling Restaurant. Its Braised Chicken with Mushroom is the best.
The average cost is around 31 RMB per person. The address is No.31-4, Jinzhu West Road, Chengguan District. The score is 4.5.	The average cost is 35. The address is the front room, No. 96, Jinzhu West Road, Chengguan District. The score is 3.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	I'll make a reservation for you now.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
There's light rain with northeast winds today. The high will be 20 ℃ and low 8 ℃.	Sunny with westerly winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 5 ℃.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Sautéed Beef Fillet.	[2] Hee hee, I recommend a snack to you.
The hot dish  Tossed Clear Noodles in Chili Sauce is delicious.	This kind of weather is more suitable for eating Tossed Clear Noodles in Chili Sauce.
This dish is very good.	[3] I'd like to recommend you to order Tossed Clear Noodles in Chili Sauce from ChongqingMarinated Fish. I heard that the dish from it is delicious.
It's 35 yuan.	40.0
It's on the sixth floor of Zhubang City Square, Qingnian Road, Kuancheng District.	It's in No. 128, Gexin Street, Nangang District(near Guangmang Street).
It's 3.5.	The score is 5.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	OK, I'm on it.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
It's sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 18 ℃ and low 8 ℃.	In Guilin today's weather is cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 23 ℃ and low 16 ℃.
[2] It's great to eat Sautéed Beef Fillet in such weather.	[2] This kind of weather is suitable for eating Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers. It's really wonderful even when I think about it.
Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers is very delicious.	You can add more chopped chilli if you love spicy food. it's really satisfying.
I'm sure you'll like it.	[3] If you are interested in it, I'd like to recommend you to eat it at Fatty Hu Hunan Restaurant. You can make a reservation in advance.
It's 54 per person.	The average cost is about 47.
The score is 5.	4.2.
It's on the fourth floor of Longhu Shidai Commercial Plaza, 111 Mingxiu West Road, Guanting District.	The address is 2 / F, Shidai Fenglin Food Street, Xicheng Avenue, Lingui District (next to Zhongduan Square).
Sure, no problem.	Sure, no problem.
Goodbye.	Goodbye.
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon!
I'm very happy recently. I've been promoted.	Not good. My study was backwards recently. I'm so sad.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Xuanhang Wang.
Yes, you're smart.	Yes, I am a little man!
I'm six years old!	I'm six years old!
I like small animals, watching animation and listening to children's songs.	My hobbies are playing with small animals, watching anime and listening to children's songs.
[6] Hee hee, I'm going to eat, goodbye!	[6] I will. I'm going to cross the road. Talk to you later!
Bye!	OK, bye!
Very good. Work is easy.	Good morning. I'm on my way to work. It's good recently. My work is easy.
I see. Thank you for your concern.	OK, I remember what you said.
I like Viva Erotica best.	My favorite movie is Viva Erotica.
I like Bo Huang best.	I like Hsu Chi best.
I like Hsu Chi very much. She is my idol.	I like her very much. She is so attractive and charming.
She's really excellent. She is a model of a good woman.	Yes, I like Hsu Chi's performance very much. I will continue to support her and like her.
I've seen this movie. I don't want to see it again.	I've seen it many times.
Who is the director of this movie?	How's the review?
OK, I'll see it when I have time.	Well, it seems worth seeing.
[6] OK, I'll go to work first. I'll talk to you next time.	[6] OK, thank you for your recommendation. I'll go to work. Let's talk later.
Goodbye.	Bye!
Hello, it's October 26, 2018, at 10 p.m.	Hello, today is Sunday, November 25, 2018, 8:00 a.m.
[2] Hey hey, today is the birthday of the star Kris Wu.	[2] Hee, hee. Light rain with northern winds in Fuzhou today. The high will be 22 ℃ and low 17 ℃.
Hee hee, thanks!	Ha ha, I'm very smart.
OK, goodbye.	Bye.
It's Jimmy Lin.	Yes. It's Aaron Kwok.
[2] Do you like Aaron Kwok? He is a famous Hong Kong movie star.	[2] Do you like Aaron Kwok? He is a god of singer.
He has also won the Outstanding Chinese Singer of the World Music Awards.	And his acting skill is also very good. He has won Hong Kong Film Awards for Best Actor.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend his movie Unforgetable to you. It's a good movie that can't be missed.	[3] I'd like to recommend his movie Somebody Up There Likes Me, which is a love movie with true feelingd. It may be one of the best movies of Aaron Kwok.
It's a feature film.	Action and feature movie.
I'm sure you'll like it.	OK. I'm sure you'll like it.
All right. Bye!	Bye!
Today's sunny with southwest winds. The high will be - 3 ℃, and low - 13 ℃.	Continue broadcast for you: it will turn from sunny to foggy with variable winds. The high will be - 3 ℃ and low - 12 ℃.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Poached Spicy Slices of Pork.	[2] It's a pleasure. I have to do something more to please you.
Listening to music, watching movies or something else.	I just want to recommend the food you can eat in this kind od weather: Peanuts with Black Vinegar.
That's good. You can try it.	Of course, I'm excellent.
See ya!	Goodbye. I'm here waiting for you to come back.
Today is May 17, 2018.	It's April 28, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Jiong He's birthday.	[2] Today is also Jiong He's birthday.
You have a good taste. He is the Most Popular Male TV Host among college students in China Student Television Festival.	In short, he is an excellent host. He has won the 3rd China Film and Television Network Influence Ceremony for Top Ten Influential Host on Network.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his song All the Way. It's a lyric song with warm melody and clear and moving voice. It's very good.	[3] I'd like to recommend the song Love Now to you. It's a love song, but it doesn't have the kind of lingering love in other love songs. It's about the courage and confidence to break through the love gap. It's firm and responsible love. It's a very good song.
It's Jiong He.	This song is sung by Jiong He.
[4] Can I play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play Love Now for you?
Love Now is playing for you.	Love Now is playing for you.
Bye!	Bye!
It's 8 p.m.	It's 22:00, Tuesday, October 16, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today's weather report for Wuxi: Sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 21 ℃, and low 13 ℃.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, today's weather is mostly cloudy sky come after a light rain. North winds. The high will be 20 ℃ and low 17 ℃. Be careful not to catch cold.
My pleasure.	Yes, I am.
Bye!	Bye!
Good afternoon!	Hello!
I'm in a good mood.	Recently my grandson came to my home, so I am a little tired.
I like the movie The Crossing I best.	I love watching The Crossing I.
I like Hsu Chi best.	It must be Xiaoming Huang.
Yes, I like him very much.	Yes, I think his acting skill is very good.
Yeah, I really like his movies.	Yes, but behind his glory is his unknown efforts.
I've seen it.	I've seen this movie. Is there any other movie?
Who are the stars?	What kind of movie is it?
I'll watch it when I have time.	I like this kind of movie. I'll see it later.
Bye!	OK, I hope I can chat with you next time. Bye-bye.
On my way home.	I'm on my way to work.
I've been doing my work with ease.	It's fine, but it's just a little boring.
My name is Qizhen Ji.	My name is Xinxiang Niu.
I'm a man.	I'm a man.
I'm 20 years old.	I'm 36 years old.
I like watching movies and news.	I usually like watching movies.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
He's a Virgo.	Hello, Leslie Cheung's star sign is Virgo.
[2] You're welcome. Leslie Cheung is one of the 100 Outstanding Actors in Chinese Films Century.	[2] You're welcome. He's a legend. Do you like Leslie Cheung very much?
You really have a good taste. He won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.	Yes, he is also the person who has nominated for Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor for eight times. He is really great.
[3] Well, I'd like to recommend you his song Rain. The song is very beautiful. Leslie Cheung's singing is also very delicate. It's worth listening to.	[3] You really are a big fan. Moonlight Express is a touching film starred by your idol. I recommend it to you.
The director is Leslie Cheung.	It is directed by Rengang Li.
I'm sure it won't let you down.	OK, it won't let you down.
All right. Bye!	OK, see ya!
Hello, Jiong He's birthday is April 28th.	Jiong He's birthday is April 28, 1974.
[2] Thank you. Jiong He is a popular host in China. He has also won 15 Golden Eagle Awards for Excellent Host.	[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Jiong He, he has won Honorary Award of the 15th anniversary of China Television Chart held by New Weekly.
Yes, he has won the Excellent Host Award of the 25th China TV Golden Eagle Award.	Not only his host is good, his songs are also very wonderful. He is a talented person.
[3] I'd like to recommend a song to you. It's called All the Way. It's very catchy.	[3] Then you can listen to this youthful Gardenia. The soft music lightly describes the mood of parting. The simple music rhythm makes people feel the fragrance of Gardenia in the air when listening to the song. The catchy and fresh natural melody and lyrics have a very strong sense of campus atmosphere.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Jiong He sings it delicately.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] How about I play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	Gardenia is playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	Hee hee, it's a very good song.
Bye!	Bye!
Good morning.	Good morning!
Pretty good. I got a good result in my exam.	I've been very busy recently.
My name is Xiaoxiang Guo.	My name is Fangxi Li.
Of course I'm a woman.	I'm a lady of course.
I'm 28 this year.	I'm 22 years old.
I like listening to music.	I like stars, watching movies and news.
[6] Well, I'm going to work. Talk later.	[6] Well, I'm going to work. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	December 28th.
[2] I also know that today is Xiaoming Huang's birthday.	[2] I also know today's weather: southwest winds. The high will be 15 ℃ and low 5 ℃.
Thank you for that.	You're welcome. It's my pleasure to serve you.
OK, see ya!	Have a nice meal. Goodbye.
Libra.	Aquarius.
[2] Hey hey, Ruby Lin is a popular star in the entertainment circle.	[2] When it comes to Ruby Lin, she's big eyed beauty.
She is also a member of the jury of Cannes International Film Festival and has won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actress.	Ha ha, do you know that she has won the 18th Best Actress of Chinese TV Drama of Huading Awards. Her acting skills are very good.
[3] Then I recommend you to see her movie "Beauty and Hip-hop" starred by her. It's very good.	[3] Yes. Let me recommend her Love Trilogy to you. I'd like to give full marks to Francis and Liangliang!
Ligong Xu, Zhiwei Liu and so on.	There are also Zhenyu Wu, Zhihao Wu, Yongyi Yuan, Wenjian Zhou and Yi Lu.
I'm sure you'll like it.	OK, you will like it.
OK, goodbye.	OK, I won't disturb you. Goodbye.
It's Jimmy Lin.	Yes. It's Cecilia Cheung.
[2] I'm flattered. Cecilia Cheung is not one of the stars in this movie, she's also a Chinese actress. She also won the Best Actress of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	[2] Cecilia Cheung is a top actress. Do you like her?
You have a good taste. She has won the Best Actress of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	In addition, she is also New York Chinese Film Festival for Outstanding Asian Artist. She is beautiful and has professional ability. I'm really enviable.
[3] Yes, her movie, A Better Tomorrow, is very touching. You can watch it.	[3] Have you seen her Hong Kong style racing movie The Legend of Speed. It's great. If you haven't seen it, you could watch it.
[4] Then you can see his Bodyguards and Assassins. It's a good movie.	[4] Well, I recommend Nicholas Tse's Bodyguards and Assassins to you. It tells about a group of hot-blooded people who did some hot-blooded things in the hot-blooded era.
It's a crime movie.	It's an action and history film.
I'm sure you'll like it.	It's worth seeing
All right. Bye!	Bye!
Of course. She's a Gemini.	Yes of course, she is Gemini.
[2] I also know that she has won the Best Actress of Golden Bauhinia Award.	[2] Cecilia Cheung, I think, is a strong woman.
Yes, she has also won many awards, such as the Best Actress of Hong Kong Film Awards, and the Best Actress of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	That's why she has won Golden Sun Award for Best Actress and the 23rd Hong Kong Film Awards for Best Actress.
[3] Cecilia Cheung's acting is very good. I recommend you to see her The Bare-Footed Kid. It's a very touching film.	[3] When it comes to acting skills, I recommend you to see her Fly Me to Polaris, which is a classic love movie.
Not bad.	It's good.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I'm sure you'll like it.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Today is January 18, 2018.	Today is May 17, 2018.
[2] Today is Leehom Wang's birthday.	[2] You know, today is also Leehom Wang's birthday.
He was the Most Popular Male Singer of MTV Asian Music for seven consecutive years.	You have a good eye. Leehom Wang is Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart.
[3] I recommend you to listen to Leehom Wang's "Bridge of Faith". It's a good song.	[3] I'd like to recommend his Bridge of Faith to you. It's so good as the final song. It's great.
Then you can't miss it.	Then you can try. You may have different feelings.
[4] May I play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play Bridge of Faith for you now?
Playing Bridge of Faith for you.	Bridge of Faith is playing for you.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Good evening. I'm very happy recently. I've been promoted.	I did well in today's exam.
Thank you.	Thank you for your compliment.
My name is Fangqian Jin.	My name is Lingfei Sun.
I'm a girl.	I'm a girl, of course.
I'm six years old.	I'm 26 years old.
I usually like to follow stars' information, watch movies and listen to music.	I like stars, listening to music and watching news.
[6] Yes, I have something else to do.Goodbye.	[6] Yes, young people should always have some hobbies. I'm going to have a rest.
Bye!	Bye!
I'm on my way home.	I'm in a bad mood because I didn't do well in exam.
OK, I'll study harder.	OK, I see.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Yu Wang.
I'm a boy.	I'm a boy.
I'm eight years old.	6 years old.
I like small animals, watching animation and listening to children's songs.	I like small animals and listening to music.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6] Talk to you later. I'll be home soon.
Hello, I'm in a bad mood recently.	Good morning. My study is very good, and I do well in my exam.
Yeah, I will.	OK, I will continue to work hard.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Jiaofei Zhang.
Yes, you are so smart.	Yeah, you're right.
I'm six years old.	I'm 10 years old.
Watching animation and listening to children's songs.	I like playing with small animals and watching animation.
[6] Hey hey. I'm getting home, bye!	[6] Hey, hey. I'm at school, goodbye.
Yeah, bye!	I'll go. Bye.
Good afternoon!	Hello!
Very good. I did well in the exam.	Today I paid the bonus. I'm very happy.
My name is Xiaoxiang Guo.	My name is Xinqian Xu.
Yes, you're smart.	Yeah.
I'm 26.	I'm 51 this year.
I like to follow stars' information, listen to music and watch movies.	I like watching movies and listening to music.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] OK, I'm home. Let's talk next time.
Bye!	Bye!
It's Leehom Wang.	It's Leehom Wang.
[2] Speaking of Leehom Wang, he is the most popular male singer in Taiwan of MTV Asian Music.	[2] He is the 3rd MTV Japan Award for Most Influential Artist.
Yes, he is also the winner of the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Supporting Actor.	You have a good eye. He has won Golden Melody Award for Best Mandarin Male Singer twice and Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart.
[3] Do you want to listen to his song The Pirate? The melody of this song is very beautiful. It's very catchy.	[3] Do you want to hear Sun & Moon of My Heart? It's a very good song. The fluent and beautiful style of the song seems to take the audience across the fairyland of the world. It uses Chinese music instruments, such as flute, six-string lute, dulcimer, drum and Jinfa, to compose the melody of western music by the creation method of Chinese pentatonic scale and also cites Chinese ancient musical instruments mixed in it.
Yes, it's very popular.	Yeah.
[4] Do you need me to play it for you?	[4] Do you want to play it for you?
It's playing for you.	Sun & Moon of My Heart is playing for you.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Good morning.	Good morning.
Nothing to do. I'm bored.	I'm on my way to work. My work is easy recently.
My name is Xiaoxiang Guo.	My name is Yuzhou Lei.
Ha ha, that's so smart of you!	Ha ha, thank you.
I'm 26 years old.	I'm 20 years old.
I usually like to listen to music and watch movies.	I like watching movies and news.
[6] Well, I'm home. Talk to you later.	[6] Yes. I'm going to work. I'll talk to you next time.
Bye!	All right. Bye!
Not bad.	Good, but my study pressure is a little big.
OK, I see.	I haven't found that! Can you recommend something to me?
Not really for movies at the moment.	Not really for movie at the moment
OK, I like him very much.	OK. Aaron Kwok is my favorite star.
Yeah, he's really good.	Yeah, Aaron Kwok's songs is really good. I like them very much.
I've heard this song. I don't want to hear it for the moment.	I've heard it. I'm not interested in this song.
This one I've never listened to.	I don't know how about it?
Then I'll listen to it.	Really? I want to hear it.
Sure.	Sure. Please get it on.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm going to have dinner. Talk to you later.	[6] It's a nice song. I'm almost home. I'll talk to you next time.
Bye!	Bye!
Not good. I'm too tired to study.	Recently I felt stressful. My boss seems to be in a bad mood and he scolded us a lot.
OK, thank you.	Hahaha, it's a good suggestion.
My name is Pingqian Zeng.	Xinbin Liu.
You are so smart.	I'm a man. I'm not young.
I'm 22 years old.	36 years old.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	I like following news of celebrities, ha ha.
[6] I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you later.	[6] Yeah, let's talk later. I'm gonna have a meal.
Bye!	See ya!
Today is May 17, 2018.	It's April 28, 2018.
[2] You know what? Today is also Jiong He's birthday.	[2] By the way, today is the birthday of Jiong He
Thank you for that. He is also the Most Popular Male TV Host of China Student Television Festival	Of course, I also know that Jiong He is one of the Top Ten TV Hosts Award of the 3rd Online Influency of Film and Television in China, and a famous celebrity in the entertainment circle
[3] I recommend you to listen to his song Heroes of Earth. Jiong He has a good voice. You can listen to it	[3] I recommend you to listen to his song Lonely Shadow. It's a bit sad, but it's very real. It's very attractive from the beginning
It's a very sad song	Very nice
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play this song for you?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
Yes, it's virgo.	He's a Libra.
[2] Speaking of Andy Lau, he's a very good actor. He won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.	[2] Do you like him? He's the wearer of Medal of Honor by Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.
You have a good eye. He has also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor.	He is hard-working and has a good character. He's still so handsome in these decades.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend his movie The Bare-Footed Kid to you. It's a great movie.	[3] Let's take a look at his movie When Heaven Burns, which is worth watching.
Good reputation.	Yes, you're right
It won't let you down.	Yeah, I hope you like it.
OK, see ya!	See ya!
Today's weather will turn from sunny to cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 6 ℃ and low - 4 ℃.	Shenzhen will be cloudy after a light rain, with no continuous wind direction. The highest temperature will be 29 ℃ and lowest 21 ℃.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Sautéed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce.	[2] Hehe, you're welcome. This kind of weather is very suitable for listening to Lingering Memory of Past Love. It's the theme song of a classic love movie.
Jacky Cheung.	This song is sung by the king of Chinese songs Jacky Cheung. Netizens say that the more you listen to it, the more feelings you can get from it
[3] Shall I play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play this song for you now?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	Now let's play the song Lingering Memory of Past Love
OK, see ya!	OK, Goodbye.
Hello, the star of this movie is Mi Yang.	Hello, it's Andy Lau
[2] You're welcome. Andy Lau is one of the most outstanding actors in Hong Kong.	[2] You're welcome. Andy Lau is the Centennial image ambassador of Chinese film. He's a great actor.
Yes, he is also the Most Popular Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	You have a good vision, he has won the Best Actor Award of Taiwan Film Golden Horse Award and that of Golden Rooster Award. He is really excellent!
[3] I recommend you to see his song Be Torn with Grief, which is a classic lyric pop song. You can try it.	[3] You like him so much. Then I recommend you his film Foreign Lands. It takes a new angle to depict the KMT-CPC civil war and display the essence of the war more realistically.
Yes, it's Hu Guan	The director is Yanping Zhu
I'm sure you'll like it.	It won't let you down!
Goodbye!	OK, bye!
Not bad.	I'm very happy recently!
I got paid, ha ha.	I got a promotion. Isn't that a happy thing
My favorite song is All the Way.	I like Dream at That Time best.
I like him very much.	Yeah, time doesn't leave a mark on his face
His hosting is really impeccable	Not only is he good at hosting, but also does well in singing
I've heard it. I don't want to hear it now.	Sorry, I've heard it before. I don't want to hear it for the moment.
This one I've never listened to.	This one I've never listened to.
Pretty good.	Then I'll listen to it if I have time
Okay.	Sure, please.
[6] It's getting late. I'm going to eat. See you next time	[6] That's good. I'm home. I'll talk to you another day
Bye!	Bye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	Hello, today is November 4, 2018
[2] Do you know today is Kris Wu's birthday?	[2] By the way, today's weather turns from sleet to light snow, with east winds. The highest temperature will be 4 ℃, and the lowest -3 ℃. Pay attention not to catch a cold
I hope so.	Wish you a wonderful day
Bye!	Take your time, goodbye
It's 12 o'clock at noon.	It's 12:00 p.m. Beijing time on October 14, 2018
[2] Thank you for your praise. By the way, today is mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 23 ℃ and low 13 ℃.	[2] Hehe, I remind you that it's a light rain today, with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 21 ℃, and the minimum 19 ℃
You're welcome.	You are welcome.
See ya!	Sure.
It's Xiaoming Huang.	Of course, it's Xiaoming Huang
[2] Speaking of Xiaoming Huang, he's the first Chinese actor to enter Shanghai Madame Tussauds Wax Museum	[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Xiaoming Huang, I remember that he won the Most Anticipated Actor of the Chinese Film Media Award. He has high popularity
He has also won the Best Actor of the Golden Rooster Award.	You have a great vision. He won the 12th Golden Phoenix Award. He is talented and handsome
[3] Then I recommend you to see his movie Les Saisons, which is a classic romantic love movie	[3] When it comes to acting skills, I suggest you to take a look at his film American Dreams in China. It is a rare domestic film with approriate performances, music and plots
This is a feature film directed by Yanping Zhu	This is a drama film directed by Kexin Chen
I'm sure you'll like it.	I believe it won't let you down.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
He was born in Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Hello, Leslie Cheung was born in Hong Kong, China.
[2] Thank you. Leslie Cheung is a Hong Kong male singer.	[2] Thanks for your compliment. Leslie Cheung was a very good artist. Do you like him?
Leslie Cheung was also the Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards. Leslie Cheung was also the winner of the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.	He also won the Best Actor Award of Hong Kong Film Awards and that of Golden Horse Award.
[3] Then I recommend you to see his movie, The Years Flow Like Water, which is a good movie. It tells a story of a young man who is in love with his beloved but falls behind in life.	[3] Yes, all his films are classics. For example, this Left Right Love Destiny is a French short film, which shows his brother's elegance and ease completely.
It's 7.6.	The score is 8.3
I'm sure you'll like it.	I believe you will like it.
Bye!	Ok, bye.
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, I'll play it for you right away
[2] You're welcome. Do you like his songs? He has won the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart.	[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend another song Kiss Goodbye, a beautiful song. This popular classic song has become the brand of an era. You can try it
OK, how about Wish You Could Decide? It's a moving song	Then I recommend the song So Close So Far. It's a song with a strong artistic atmosphere and is worth listening to
Yes, it's a very popular song	Yes, you will like it
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	Playing now. Please enjoy it.
Hey hey, you're welcome.	Hey hey, you're welcome.
OK, bye!	OK, bye!
He's 172cm.	His height is 172cm.
[2] He is the most popular host of Hunan Satellite TV. Do you like him?	[2] You must like Jiong He very much. He's the best host of entertainment shows.
He is not only popular, but also the best entertainment show host of New Weekly.	Yes, I really like his hosting style!
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Another Self to you. It's a song that emphasizes the courage and confidence to change one's self-image.	[3] I recommend the song Gardenia to you. The gentle music faintly describes the mood of parting, and the simple music rhythm makes people feel the fragrance brought by Gardenia floating lightly in the air when listening.
Yes, it's a very good song.	This song is also very nice. You must like it.
[4] Do you want me to play this song for you now?	[4] Should I play it to you?
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
See ya!	I'm glad you like it. Byebye.
It's sunny with southwest winds. The high will be 13 ℃, and low 3 ℃.	Today is cloudy early and overcast later. Northeast winds. The highest temperature will be 14 ℃ and lowest 7 ℃. Pay attention to keep warm.
[2] Hehe, it's a perfect day for eating Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] This weather is suitable for Marinated Fish.
Many people like this hot dish.	That's good. The taste of grouper is very good
[3] I recommend you to go to Laoqi Sichuan Restaurant(RT Mart store). Marinated Fish made by grouper is very delicious.	Hope you'll like it.
Bye!	Bye!
It will turn from sunny to cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 18 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	Today in Jiujiang light rain will give way to overcast sky. North winds. The highest temperature will be 22 ℃, and lowest 15 ℃
[2] Hehe, it's a perfect day to have Duck Blooding Chili Sauce.	[2] Hee hee, me too. This kind of warm weather is suitable for eating Hot and Sour Shredded Potato
Then you can eat it today.	Then you can have it now. If you enjoy the sour food, you can add more white vinegar into it
Well, it must be delicious	[3] It is recommended that you order Hot and Sour Shredded Potato at Chongqing Fisherman Hot Pot
It's 35	33
It's on the 4th floor of Zhengheng Commercial Plaza, Qingnian Road, Kuancheng District	No.3 Hengke Huafu, Yifeng Road, De'an County
3.9	5.0
OK, I'm on it.	OK, I'll arrange it for you right away
OK, goodbye!	Goodbye.
Hello, Kris Wu's height and blood type is 187cm.	OK, Kris Wu is 187cm tall and his blood type is O type
[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Kris Wu, he's a popular star in China.	[2] You're welcome. Kris Wu won the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony. He's very powerful!
You have a good taste. He has also won the Best Newcomer Award of the 3rd China International Film Festival London and the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony.	His business includes singing and acting in movies. You have a good eye!
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Deserve to you. Kris Wu sings very well, which is why I recommend it to you	[3] I'd like to recommend his song Tough Pill. The melody of the song is catchy. The design of strong beat pushs forward emotions step by step. It's very beautiful!
Yeah, it's a very popular song.	Of course, it won't let you down
[4] Do you want to play Tough Pill now?	[4] Can I play this song for you now?
Now, Tough Pill is playing.	It's playing. Please enjoy it.
Bye!	Bye!
Hello, Andy Lau's blood type is O.	Hello, Andy Lau's blood type is AB type.
[2] You're welcome. Andy Lau has been a hot topic in the entertainment circle for a long time. He's also one of the 100 Outstanding Actors in Chinese Films Century.	[2] You're welcome. I also know that he was born in 1961.
Ha ha, he won the Asian Film Awards for Best Actor and the Hong Kong Film Awards for Best Actor.	He also won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actor in Chinese film and the Mst Anticipated Actor in the Chinese Film Media Award.
[3] Yes, I recommend you to see his movie, The Crescent. It's a documentary about the life and love of Hong Kong people.	[3] It is his own efforts that made him what he is now. Speaking of his work, Days of Tomorrow starred by him tells a love story that took place in the Republic of China. It's very good.
The director is Zhiliang Luo.	The film director is Zhenwei Liu.
You're going to love it.	I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
Bye!	Bye!
He was born in New York, USA.	Yes, Nicholas Tse was born in Hong Kong
[2] I also know that Nicholas Tse is the most handsome actor in Hong Kong.	[2] Of course. Do you like Nicholas Tse? He has his own figure wax displayed at Madame Tussaud's. What an honor it has
He has also won the Hong Kong Film Awards for Best Actor.	Yes, in addition, he is also the youngest movie star among singers
[3] I'd like to recommend to you his movie "The Years Flow Like Water". It's a documentary	[3] Ha ha, having said so much, have you ever seen his exciting movie Time and Tide? I strongly recommend you to watch it
The score is 6.3	The score is OK. It's 7.4. It's an action thriller
All right.	Mm-hmm. you'll like it.
OK, see ya!	Okay, bye.
On my way to school.	Hello, I'm having dinner at home.
I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	It's OK. The knowledge I've learned recently is quite easy to master.
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	My name is Xinxiang Yu.
Yes, I'm a boy.	Yes, it takes efforts every time I write my name. I'm a boy.
I'm 10 years old.	I'm six years old.
I like small animals, watching animation, listening to children's songs.	Like to play with small animals, and watch animation.
[6] Hey hey. I'm getting home, bye!	[6] Hey, hey. I'm going to study, goodbye.
Bye!	Yeah, bye!
Today is mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be - 3 ℃ and low - 14 ℃.	Dali today is sunny with southwest winds.The highest temperature will be 16 ℃ and lowest 1 ℃
[2] Thank you for your praise. It's a perfect day to have Spicy Hot Pot (Little Water).	[2] Thank you. I recommend you to have Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce today!
Then you can try this hot dish today.	Yes, it's good to have one in such weather!
OK, I hope you like it!	[3] You can order Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce in Huihuang Sichuan Restaurant. It's delicious.
The price per person is 30 yuan.	46 yuan
It's on the second floor of Zhengheng Commercial Plaza, No.111 Mingxiu West Road, Xixiangtang District	It's at Dali Shuanghe Road, next to Huihuang Inn (near Tianya Post) in the west of Dali Ancient City South Gate Tourist Bus Station
It's 4.7.	3.9
I'll make a reservation for you	Roger that. I'm sure it's in place for you.
See ya!	Have a good rest, goodbye!
It's cloudy with northwest winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	Today, it's cloudy early and sunny later in Hengshui with northeast winds. The maximum temperature will be 10 ℃ and the minimum -3 ℃. It's cold. Keep warm.
[2] It's a perfect day to eat Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce.	[2] You're welcome, you know? Today's weather is perfect for eating Marinated Fish.
The point is that it's a very nutritious hot dish.	Yes, in the cold winter, Marinated Fish is really an indispensable food.
[3] Have a nice meal, goodbye.	I wish you a good meal!
Bye!	Bye!
I'm very good recently. I've made progress in my study.	I feel very good. All knowledge I reviewed are in use, I got a lot of progress
Thank you.	If you master the essentials of learning, it's not as difficult as you think
But I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't really want to listen to music
Yes, I like him very much	OK. I know that he is the Best Male Singer in Hong Kong and Taiwan region of Global Chinese Music Awards
He is really excellent. I always admire him	Of course, I'm also a little fan of him
I don't want to watch it now	Unfortunately, I just watched it yesterday
Yes, I have watched it	Where is the movie from? What kind is it?
It's a good movie. I'll watch it	Yes, I like this cool one
[5] I'll watch it when I have time	[5] Hey, it's time for me to study. Let's talk next time
Bye!	All right. Bye.
It will turn from sunny to cloudy with east wind today. The highest temperature will be 19℃, and the lowest temperature will be 8℃.	It's cloudy early and sunny later in Beijing today, with northeast winds. The maximum temperature will be 17 ℃ and the minimum 7 ℃
[2] I recommend you to eat Marinated Fish.	[2] Yes, in fact, this kind of weather is very suitable for listening to Chinese Soul. The song integrates the Eastern and Western elements to innovate, so as to better combine Rap music with Chinese traditional culture.
Yes, it's very popular.	Yes, it's a very charming song
[3] Do you want me to play it for you?	[3] Would you like me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	Playing Chinese Soul(Live).
Yeah, bye!	Yeah, bye!
Good morning.	Good morning!
I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	Recently, my study is relatively easy, very good.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Chaohang Guo.
I'm a boy.	Boy
Seven years old.	20.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	I like watching movies and news.
[6] I'm going to dinner. Talk later.	[6] Well, I'm going to class now. Let's end talking.
Bye!	Bye!
It's 8 p.m.	It's 12:00 p.m. I'm waiting for you.
[2] Hey hey, it's mostly cloudy with southeast winds today. The high will be 24 ℃ and low 24 ℃.	[2] By the way, today Fuzhou will turn from cloudy to light rain. Northeast winds. The highest temperature will be 21 ℃ and lowest 15 ℃.
You're welcome.	OK, you're welcome.
See ya!	See ya!
Good afternoon. I've made some progress in my study recently. I'm very happy.	I'm very good in my study. I've made a lot of progress.
Yeah, I will.	OK, thank you for your encouragement.
I like the movie A Better Tomorrow.	I like Saving Mr.Wu the best.
Mi Yang, of course.	I like Andy Lau best.
Yes, he's good at acting and singing.	Yeah, a hard-working actor with good professionalism.
Ha ha, he's really excellent.	This prize is really great
I've seen it.	I've seen this one.
Who is the director?	What kind of movie is it?
Sounds good. I'll see it sometime.	Good. I'm interested
[6] OK, I'm home. Talk to you later.	[6] I'll have a look when I have time. I'm going to have dinner now. Let's talk next time.
Bye!	Goodbye.
Good evening.	Good afternoon!
I did very well in the exam recently.	Yes, I just got my bonus.
I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music now.
Of course, he is my idol.	I know. He's my idol.
Yeah, he's also one of the 25 greatest actors in Asia on CNN.	Yes, he has also won the Top Ten Outstanding Youth Awards in Hong Kong.
I've seen it.	I've seen it before.
Who are the stars?	How do people say about it?
Then I'll see it.	Then I'll have a look.
Bye!	Bye!
It's cloudy with northeast winds in Xuzhou today. The high will be 21 ℃, and low 13 ℃.	Today will turns from Cloudy to overcast, northwest wind. The maximum temperature will be 12 ℃, and the minimum 4 ℃, please pay attention to keep warm
[2] You're welcome. It's a perfect day to have Sautéed Beef Fillet.	[2] This cool weather is the most suitable for eating Tossed Clear Noodles in Chili Sauce
It's a very popular cold dish	Great. You will be very warm after eating this hot dish.
I'm glad you like it.	[3] Well, I'd recommend you a restaurant, Little Pink Fish Sichuan Restaurant(RT Mart store). Its Tossed Clear Noodles in Chili Sauce is absolutely delicious!
The score is 4.5	44 yuan per person, very reasonable. It is at the 200 meters north of the intersection of Yanzhou road and Haiqu Road, Donggang District (RT mart), with a score of 3.5
OK, no problem.	OK, I've made a reservation for you. Wish you enjoy it
Okay, bye.	OK, goodbye!
OK, it's playing for you.	I've played it for you. Please enjoy it.
[2] You're welcome. I recommend you Jay Chou's another song Self Directed Act. It's a song full of vigor. I hope you like it.	[2] This is what I should do. There is also a song Like That sung by Kris Wu. The dreamy feeling of the live version is really amazing. I recommend it to you.
Then you can listen to the song Together We Move On. This song is very emotional. You can't help listening to it.	OK, would you like to listen to November Rain? It's really good
Yes, Kris Wu's voice is so charming.	Yes, many people like this song!
[3] Can I play it for you now?	[3] Do you have time now? I can play it to you.
I'm playing it for you. Please enjoy it!	OK, it's played for you.
You are welcome.	That's all right.
Goodbye.	Goodbye.
My work is boring recently.	I just got off work, and on my way home! Days ago my company had a test, and I done well
Thank you!	Thank you, ha ha
I like Bosom Friend best.	Fireworks Cool Easily
Yeah, I like him.	Yes, I like him very much, too
Ha ha, he's really excellent!	And he won the annual record sales champion on album eight times in China. His power can't be underestimated!
I've heard this song before. Change it.	As an old fan, my ears are going to be tired of this song. Change it for another
This one I've never listened to	This name sounds so poetic
Sure, I'll try it.	I'm very interested in it
Yes, please.	Let's play it! I can't wait
[6] It's time for me to go out for a walk. Talk later.	[6] It's really nice to listen to it. It's time to have dinner when I get home. Let's stop here!
Bye!	Of course. Bye
Pretty good.	Well, I've been under a lot of pressure recently.
Thank you for your encouragement. I will continue to work hard!	Thank you for the encouragement, I will work harder.
My name is Fangyang Liu.	Hello, my name is Fangjia Xu.
I'm a woman.	I'm a lady.
I'm 51 this year.	Well, I'm 57. I'm almost retired.
I like listening to music and watching news.	I like following news of celebrities, watching movies and listening to music.
[6] I'm going to work, goodbye.	Usually, if you have nothing to do, you can find something relaxing for yourself.
Bye!	All right. Bye!
Today is January 18, 2018.	Today is October 26, 2018.
[2] Thank you. By the way, today is Aaron Kwok's birthday.	[2] Thank you for your praise. Notice that today in Beijing is sunny with northwest winds. The highest temperature will be 14 ℃ and lowest 3 ℃. Keep warm when you go out!
You're welcome.	You're welcome. It's my pleasure.
OK, see ya!	OK, goodbye!
It's cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 4 ℃.	Hello, Chengdu turns from sunny to cloudy today with northwest wind. The maximum temperature will be 12 ℃ and the minimum 8 ℃. It's getting cool. Pay attention to keep warm
[2] You're welcome. It's suitable to eat Spicy Crawfish in such weather.	[2] You're welcome. The song Who is especially suitable for today's weather.
It's sung by Jiong He. This song is full of vitality and charm.	This song is sung by Jiong He. His warm voice gives this song a different flexibility. This song is also an unnoticed talent, you can listen to it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Should I play this song for you?
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, I'll play who for you.
OK, see ya!	Well, let's end talking. Goodbye
It's Cecilia Cheung.	Of course. It's Jacky Cheung.
[2] Thank you. He is the Prince Charming in Hong Kong.	[2] Speaking of Jacky Cheung, he's a legend.
Yes, he has won Hundred Flowers Awards for Best Actor.	Indeed, the awards Jacky Cheung won as a singer can be called a god of songs.
[3] Have you seen his movie "The Bare-Footed Kid"? Jacky Cheung successfully performed this theme in the movie. The film also reveals the real life hardships behind the kung fu movies.	[3] When it comes to acting, I recommend you to see July Rhapsody starred by Jacky Cheung. He acted well in it
It's a comedy.	It's a plot movie with good reputation.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I'm sure you'll like it.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
It's Jacky Cheung.	Yeah, the lead singer is Jacky Cheung.
[2] Thank you. Jacky Cheung is one of Ten Outstanding Young Persons in Hong Kong.	[2] Thank you for your praise. I also know that Jacky Cheung is the god of songs in the Chinese music world.
Yes, he is not only good at singing, but also good at acting. He won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.	Yes, he also won the Best-selling Singer in China of the World Music Awards!
[3] Do you want me to play this song for you now?	[3] Maybe you can listen to the song I'm Really Hurt. Instead of using the thick and bright voice praised by others, he sings so gentle and delicate, and still so outstanding.
Yes, it's a sad song. You can listen to it.	But his singing will bring a different feeling.
[4] Can I play it for you now?	[4] Can I play this song for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	Play the song I'm Really Hurt right now.
Bye!	I hope you will like it. See you next time.
Today is cloudy early and sunny later with northwest winds. The high will be 14 ℃ and low 2 ℃. Be sure to keep warm.	Xingtai is cloudy with southeast winds from tonight to tomorrow.The highest temperature will be 0 ℃ and lowest -3 ℃. The temperature is a little low, so pay attention to keep warm.
[2] It's a nice day to eat Peanuts with Black Vinegar.	[2] Let me tell you a secret, today's weather is very suitable for eating Marinated Fish
Yes, this hot dish is very popular.	It's a hot dish that can bring you warmth in this weather.
[3] If you want to eat it, you can go to Yuweitang Flavour Sichuan restaurant. Marinated Fish is their specialty.	This dish won't let you down.
All right. Bye!	Okay, bye~
Xiaoming Huang.	It's Jimmy Lin!
[2] Thank you! Jimmy Lin is a popular idol in Taiwan. He is very popular.	[2] I'm flattered! By the way, Jimmy Lin has won the Most Influential Actor in the 2011 China TV Drama Awards.
He is excellent. He has also won the Best Actor of the Hundred Flowers Awards. He is a very good actor.	He is a handsome guy, you must like him!
[3] Yes, if you like him so much, you can't miss the movie Jimmy Lin starred in. I recommend it to you.	[3] Ha ha, you're right. You can see his film A Home Too Far II when you have time. It conveys a sense of reality and tells a story that couples can't be together in war time!
It enjoys a good reputation, it's worth seeing	Not bad.
OK, hope you like it!	Well, take a look!
OK, see ya!	OK, see you next time, goodbye!
Good afternoon.	Hi.
I'm in a bad mood recently.	It's boring. Chat with me
I like the movie Perhaps Love best.	I like Perhaps Love
I like Jackie Chan best.	I like Jacky Cheung
Yes, he is excellent.	He is also the king of music in Hong Kong
Ha ha, I like him very much.	Yes, yes, he won the most popular Asian star of ChannelV, hehe
I've seen it.	I don't want to watch it for the time being.
It's worth seeing	How about the word of mouth?
OK, I'll watch it.	OK, I'll take a look
Bye!	See ya!
Today is light rain with northeast winds. The high will be 14 ℃ and low 3 ℃. Be sure to keep warm.	The highest temperature of Yinchuan today will be 0 ℃, and the lowest -7 ℃. It's cloudy with southeast wind
[2] Hehe, this kind of weather is very suitable for eating Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili.	[2] This weather is suitable for Tossed Clear Noodles in Chili Sauce
Many people like this cold dish	Really? This cold dish is really delicious
Yeah, it's delicious	[3] Tossed Clear Noodles in Chili Sauce in Jialinjiang Riverside Sichuan Cuisine is always delicious
It's on the 4th floor of Zhubang City Square, Qingnian Road, Kuancheng District	No. 300, Changcheng Middle Road, Jinfeng District. It's opposite Xinbailiangtian supermarket.
It's 3.9	4.9, just a little less than the full mark
It's 32 yuan.	65 yuan
OK, I'm making a reservation for you.	OK, I have made a reservation for you
OK, see ya!	Bye!
It's 8 p.m.	It's 6 p.m.
[2] I'm flattered. By the way, it's sunny with northwest winds today. The high will be 21 ℃, and low 10 ℃.	[2] I'm flattered. Today Nanchang is sunny with southwest winds. The highest temperature will be 14 ℃ and lowest 3 ℃
Hee hee.	Ha ha, it's my honor to serve you!
OK, goodbye!	Mm-hmm, come to me when you have time! Goodbye!
Good afternoon.	Good afternoon!
I'm happy to get my bonus today.	Very good recently, I'm happy
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Jiaolu Zhao
Yep	I'm an old lady
I'm 55 years old	Sixty years old
Just watching movies.	Watching movies
OK, see ya!	Bye!
Life is so boring recently.	Everything goes well and I'm in a good mood.
Yes.	Yes, so it was like having God's help in the exam, and I done well in the exam!
I don't want to listen to music now.	Thank you for your kindness, but I don't really want to listen to music right now.
Sorry, I don't want to listen to music for the moment.	Really? Jay Chou is my favorite star. I think he is very talented!
Yes, he is excellent.	Of course, Jay Chou is not only very accomplished in music, but also won the Best Newcomer Award of the Golden Horse Award in Taiwan! What a genius!
I'm not interested in this movie.	I watched the film when it was first released, so I don't want to watch it now.
Who is the director?	Right? This movie sounds good! How about its score and reputation?
Then I have to watch it.	Well, I think it's really worth seeing.
Bye!	Ok, bye. We'll have a more pleasant chat next time.
Today is May 17, 2018.	Hello, it's September 27, 2018
[2] Today is also the birthday of Bingbing Fan. She was born on September 27, 1981.	[2] Fortunately, by the way, today is Andy Lau's birthday
Andy Lau is the king of Asian music	He won the most popular Asian star of ChannelV for two times. He is very popular
[3] Since you like him so much, I recommend you to see his movie named The Sun Washed by Spring Rain. It's a good movie	[3] Have you seen his film A World Without Thieves? Its word of mouth is good, do you want to try it?
It's a feature film, with a good reputation	It's a suspense movie that combines action and crime plots
You can try it	Then you can go and see
OK, goodbye!	OK, go ahead, goodbye!
Good afternoon! I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	Hello, I'm very busy with my work recently. I'm very upset.
OK, I'll try my best.	Yes, I will.
My name is Lingwen Niu	I'm Jiaolu Hu
Yes.	Of course, you're smart.
I'm 26 years old	I'm 21 years old.
I usually like to follow stars' information, listen to music and watch movies.	I prefer watching movies and news.
[6] Thank you for your praise. I'm going to work. Talk later.	[6] I'm flattered. I have work to do. Let's talk about it next time.
Bye!	Bye!
OK, it's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	Play the song What We are Today
[2] You're welcome. You can also listen to the song There's a place. The lyrics are classical and the melody is lively.	[2] This is what I should do. By the way, Love Now sung by the lead singer Jiong He is a Love Duet Song. I recommend it to you.
What about Run? It's a song about memories. I recommend it to you.	BOT: OK, then this song Lonely Shadow with good sound ray is also very good. It's the song that many people play in a loop. You can also listen to it.
Yeah, it's a very popular song.	Of course.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Would you like to play Lonely Shadow for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	Play the song Lonely Shadow now
It's a good song. You can listen to it again.	I'm glad you like it.
Goodbye.	OK, see ya!
Of course, it's Jay Chou.	Of course, it's Jay Chou.
[2] Speaking of Jay Chou, he is one of the 25 most influential people in Asia by CNN.	[2] Speaking of Jay Chou, he has won the best Mandarin Male Singer of Taiwan Golden Melody Awards twice and is also one of the Top 100 Creative Figures in the World by Fast Company
Of course, he has also won the Most Popular Male Singer in Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards twice.	Jay Chou, the four-time Best-selling Singer in China of the World Music Awards, has won 15 Golden Melody Awards.
[3] Have you heard his song One Dream (Live)? It's the prelude of Jay Chou's 1996 album One Dream.	[3] It is recommended that you listen to Snake Dance. It's Jay Chou's song. The whole song combines Egyptian and Middle Eastern folk music styles with Hip-Hop, and creates a unique and charming Hip-Hop duet.
It sounds very nice. You can listen to it.	Netizen comments: only professionals who really understand music can describe the greatness of Jay Chou.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] How about playing Snake Dance for you?
Playing for you, please enjoy.	It's playing for you. Please enjoy it.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Yes, I did.	Good afternoon. I didn't have lunch yet.
Yes, too much work.	Yes, I'm not in the mood to have lunch because of too much work pressure.
My favorite song is The 18 Martial Arts.	My favorite is Miss You.
Yes, I like him very much.	He's really a great idol.
He is really excellent.	It turns out that he has achieved so much.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I've listened to this song.
I haven't heard this song.	This song is very rhythmic. It sounds good.
I must listen to this song.	I want to listen to it now to relieve my work pressure.
Yes, please.	Yes, play it
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm going to eat. Talk later.	[6] OK, I'm calling you if I need you. Bye.
Good evening.	Hello!
I'm very happy. I just got paid.	It's easy to study recently.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Xuanhang Wang.
I'm a man.	Man, for sure.
I'm nine years old.	I'm nine years old.
I like small animals, watching animation and listening to children's songs.	I like small animals, but also love to watch animation and listen to children's songs.
[6] Hey hey. I'm going to study, goodbye.	[6] Hee hee, I'm going to have a rest. I won't talk.
Bye!	Bye!
Good afternoon.	Good evening!
It's not good recently. My study has regressed.	Not bad, my life is happy, and my work is easy.
I like To Love You is to Love Myself.	I prefer You're My Love
Yes, I like him very much.	Yeah, I love his songs.
Yeah, he's really great.	He's really good
I've heard this song. Change it.	I've listened to it. Are there any other songs?
Is it good?	Really? I haven't heard of the song yet
Sounds good.	Yeah.
Yes.	Yes.
Thank you.	Well, it's very catchy. Thanks for recommending it to me.
[6] I'm going to work. Talk later.	[6] It's time for me to have lunch. I'll talk to you next time.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is January 18, 2018.	Today is September 16, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Bingbing Fan's birthday.	[2] Today is the birthday of our venus Bingbing fan.
Bingbing Fan has won the Most Popular Actress of Chinese TV Drama of Huading Awards.	Well, she is a very powerful star. She has won many awards, such as the Best Supporting Actress Award of Golden Rooster Award and that of Golden Horse Award and so on.
[3] I'd like to recommend you a movie named Unforgetable, which is starred by her. It's a funny, moving and touching film. You can see it.	[3] Then I recommend her film I Am Not Madame Bovary. Fang Kong's using of lens is interesting. It is a very good movie.
The director is Jianya Zhang.	The famous director Xiaogang Feng.
Yeah, you're gonna love it.	Well, believe me, it's worth watching.
OK, bye!	Bye!
It's 12:00 pm.	It's 10 p.m. on November 14, 2018
[2] By the way, today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 21 ℃ and low 13 ℃. Be sure to keep warm!	[2] Hehe, by the way, it's cloudy early and overcast later today, with a southerly wind. The maximum temperature will be 14 ℃, and the minimum temperature 5 ℃.
You're welcome.	You're welcome.
All right. Bye!	All right. Bye!
It will turn from sunny to cloudy today. Northeast winds. The high will be 6 ℃ and low - 4 ℃. Be sure to keep warm.	It's sunny today with a southerly wind. The maximum temperature will be 27 ℃ and the minimum 13 ℃.
[2] Thank you for your praise. It's a perfect day to have Sautéed Sweet and Sour Spare Ribs.	[2] This weather is best for Sweet and Sour Spare Ribs.
This dish is very popular.	Really? This dish is really good. Many people like it
You won't be disappointed	OK, I hope you like it.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Hong Kong, China.	He was born in Kowloon, Hong Kong
[2] You're welcome. Leslie Cheung is a very good actor. He won the Best Actor of Hong Kong Film Awards.	[2] You're welcome. It seems that you like Leslie Cheung very much. He's a special person and very powerful!
He was also the Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards	He won the Best Actor in the Hong Kong Film Awards. Most people can't get such an achievement
[3] Then you must like his songs very much. Would you like to listen to his song There Is a Place? It's very nice. Leslie Cheung sang the melody of this song, which has a soothing power.	[3] Then you should also like his songs. His song A Chinese Ghost Story is recommended to you. As the theme song of the movie A Chinese Ghost Story, Zhan Huang's song gives full play to the characteristics of classical style. The stream is gurgling in the woods, the piano and flute are playing together upstairs, and Leslie Cheung's singing is also appropriate. It achieves the artistic conception of long melody and profound context
Yes, you must listen to it	When you like a person, all his things in your eyes are very good!
[4] Do you want to listen to this song now?	[4] Then his song must not be missed! Want to play it for you?
OK, playing for you.	OK, Leslie Cheung's A Chinese Ghost Story is playing for you. Please enjoy it
OK, see ya!	OK, remember to call me next time, goodbye!
On the way home	I'm reading at home, I didn't do well in the exam today
Thank you for your encouragement, I will.	Thank you. I will
I like to listen to The Only Thing That Matters	My favorite song is A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream
Of course I like him.	Yes, he is very handsome, no one should not like him, ha ha
I really admire him.	Well, I hope he can get better and better
I'm not interested in this song	I've heard that.
Is that nice?	It seems good. I don't know how it sounds
OK, I'll listen to it	I will listen to it.
Yes, please.	Play it!
Let me enjoy it	[6] OK, let's end talking. I'm going to read a book
Bye!	See ya!
His birthday is July 10, 1961.	It's July 10th
[2] Speaking of Jacky Cheung, he is a superstar. He has won the Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards for The Most Popular Male Singer. He is a very excellent singer.	[2] Jacky Cheung is a qualified idol. Of course I know him!
You have a good taste. He has won the Golden Needle Award of RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards.	He is the best Mandarin male singer in Taiwan Golden Melody Award. His music is very good. You can listen to it
[3] Do you want to listen to his Rain? It's a beautiful song	[3] One never knows when love comes near before far gone in it. I'd like to recommend his song I Waited Until the Flower Withered to you. The melody of this song is beautiful. Jacky Cheung successfully performed this song with his mellow singing and exquisite singing skills
Many people like this song	Well, just like it!
[4] Do you want me to play this song for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play I Waited Until the Flower Withered for you?
Playing I Waited Until the Flower Withered for you.	I Waited Until the Flower Withered is playing for you
I'm glad you like it.	This song is beautiful
Bye!	Bye!
OK, I'll play it for you.	OK, I'll play it for you right away. Please enjoy it carefully
I believe you will like it.	[2] Since you like it so much, how about I play All the Things You Never Knew by Leehom Wang for you? This song is full of classical flavor, and its lyrics is profound and sincere. Each musical note hits our heart greatly, very good!
I'd like to recommend you to listen to The Years Flow Like Water, which is a beautiful song. Leehom Wang wrote the melody of the song into the song. The parting scene in the song is beautiful too!	Sure, how about Need Some Company? This is a song focusing on human inner world. Leehom Wang describes the inner loneliness of urban people
I'm sure you'll like it.	Indeed, the emotional expression of the song is very ample. You must enjoy it!
[3] Do you need me to play this song for you now?	[3] It's better to do it now than wait for another day. Can I play it for you now?
I'll play it for you right away! I hope you like it!	Well, I'll play it for you right away!
All right, goodbye!	All right, goodbye!
It's Leehom Wang.	You know, it's the famous Leehom Wang!
[2] Speaking of Leehom Wang, he is the Best Male Singer in Global Chinese Golden Chart.	[2] Hehe, he's a genius. He's amazing!
It seems that you are a big fan of him. He's also the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart.	Yes, he's very good. He's a musical genius!
[3] His song Can't Fight The Feeling is very good. Leehom Wang performed this song with his mellow voice.	[3] Yes, I recommend his song Beautiful to you. Leehom Wang is really cool. This song was originally a light and witty soundtrack in the movie. With the rearrangement by Leehom Wang, it has become such a work with high international recognition. It's a very good song!
Yes, it's very popular!	It's great. It's loved by everyone!
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] OK, would you like to listen to it now?
OK, play it for you!	It's playing. Enjoy it.
Bye!	OK, I won't bother you, goodbye.
I'm fine. I just got paid.	Hello, I've made progress in my study recently. I'm very happy.
OK, I will.	Thank you for your encouragement, I will work hard!
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Qiyu Hao
I'm a boy.	I'm a boy!
I'm 8 years old.	I'm just 20 years old
I like watching movies and news.	I like watching movies, listening to music and chasing stars!
OK, see ya!	Bye!
Not bad.	It's not bad recently
I've been under a lot of pressure recently	Nothing. Just that it's easy to study recently
I like the movie named Unforgetable	I like the movie Reset
Nicholas Tse, of course	It's Mi Yang, of course
Of course, she is my idol	Yes, Mi Yang is the hard-working girl famous in the entertainment industry
She is also very good at acting	Her acting is really impeccable!
I've seen it	I've watched it. I'm not very interested
What type of movie is it?	What about its word of mouth?
Then I'll see it sometime.	I'll check it out when I got the time.
[6] Well, I'm going to study. Talk to you later	[6] I'm at school. I'll talk to you next time
Bye!	Bye!
Very good. I did well in the exam.	Very good. I've got into a good learning state, and obviously got a lot of progress. I'm very happy
OK, I will.	Hehe, of course. We have to work harder
My name is Pinglu Liu.	My name is Xuanqi Liu
I'm a man.	Man, of course
I'm just 30 years old	I'm just 19 years old and still in school
I like to watch movies and listen to music.	I usually go after stars and listen to music
[6] Of course. Here I am at school. I'll talk to you next time	[6] I see. Thank you for your concern! I'm going to study. I'll talk to you next time
Goodbye.	Goodbye.
Good morning.	Good morning.
I've been promoted recently. I'm very happy.	My work is pretty boring.
I don't want to listen to music for the time being.	I don't want to listen to music for the time being.
Yes, he was also one of the 25 greatest actors in Asia on CNN.	Well, he is my favorite artist. He was a Chinese singer.
Yes, he was a very talented actor.	I really adore him. He's a star who has worked in music and film.
I've seen this one. Do you have any other recommendations?	I've watched it. I don't want to watch it now.
What kind of movie is it?	What kind of movie is it?
I like this type of movie very much.	OK, I'll go and have a look when I have time.
Bye!	All right. Bye!
It's mostly cloudy with southeast wind today. The highest temperature will be 17℃, and the lowest temperature will be 9℃.	It turns from cloudy to sunny, with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 30 ℃, and the minimum 24 ℃
[2] Thank you for your praise. It's a perfect day to have Marinated Fish.	[2] Today's weather is good for Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili
You will feel warm after eating this hot dish	Pickled Cabbage goes best with sole fish.
[3] I recommend that you order Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili at Wanzhou Roasted Fish	Mmm, it's delicious. The point is that it won't let you gain weight
Okay, bye.	Okay. Bye.
Not bad.	I feel terrible in the morning.
My study is backward.	I didn't do well in the exam today.
I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music right now.
I want to know the comments of netizens on him.	I want to know his achievements.
He's really good. I like him very much.	It seems that he got high achievement!
I've seen this one. Change it.	I've watched this movie before. Change one.
How's the review?	What's the reputation of this movie?
I'll see it when I have time.	OK, I'll watch it.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Good afternoon!	Hi.
It's good. I've made progress in my study.	It's not bad. I did very well in the exams several days ago.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Pinglu Liu.
Yes.	Yes.
I'm seven years old.	I'm 18 years old.
I like listening to music.	I like to watch the news. I'm also a fangirl.
[6] OK, I'm going to bed. Bye.	[6] OK, I'm going to have lunch. Bye.
Today is January 18, 2018.	Today is January 18, 2018.
[2] Thank you. Today is Jay Chou's birthday.	[2] Ah, you know what? Today is the birthday of some megastar, who has won four World Music Awards for Best Selling Chinese Artist. Do you know who he is?
Yes, he is a very talented and popular artist.	Wow, you surprised me. He is the most talented director among singers, and is the most amazing singer with his own style among directors.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song The Crescent to you. The song combines Egyptian and Middle Eastern folk music styles, and creates a unique and lively hip-hop duet song.	[3] Then you must listen to this very touching song Secret! This Brit-pop tells a romantic love story with suspense. The way Jay plays the piano is totally different from before. Loneliness runs through the whole song. It's simple but touching.
Of course, it's a very affectionate song.	Haha, because I'm smart.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] OK, let's get to the point. How about playing it for you now?
OK, playing for you.	No problem. Secret is playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	His songs are artistic and beautiful.
All right. Bye!	OK, come back to me when you have time. Bye!
Today's weather is cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 5 ℃.	Sunny with north winds. The high will be 29 ℃, and low 20 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. It's a perfect day for eating Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] It's lunchtime. This warm weather is suitable for Spicy Crawfish.
Many people like this hot dish.	Yes, it's very popular. Sichuan Pepper can make it more flavorful.
[3] If you want to eat spicy crawfish, I recommend you to go to Laoqi Sichuan Cuisine. Spicy Crawfish is their specialty.	[3] I know the restaurant Millennials Hometown Roasted Fish is famous for Spicy Crawfish. You can try there.
47.0	35 yuan. It is OK.
It's on the fourth floor of Zhengheng Commercial Plaza, 111 Mingxiu West Road, Xixiangtang District.	No. 93, Xili Road, Panyu District (Shop 209 on the second floor of Xili Plaza).
4.2, pretty good.	It's 4.1. Pretty high.
Sure, no problem.	OK, I've made a reservation for you.
Bye!	Goodbye!
She is 168cm tall.	She is 168cm tall!
[2] Thank you! I also know that Hsu Chi has won the Most Popular Actress of the Chinese Film Media Award.	[2] I'm flattered. I also know that she won the Hundred Flowers Award for Best Actress!
Ha ha, she also won the Best Actress of the Golden Bauhinia Awards. You have a good taste!	She is a superb actress. She won the Shanghai Film Critics Award for Best Actress.
[3] Then I recommend you to see her Unforgetable, which is an episode of the series Don't Love Me.	[3] I recommend her movie The Island to you. It seems like a funny disaster movie, but actually it's a tragedy with Chinese characteristics, reflecting the dark sides of humanity.
Not bad.	Yes!
You're going to love it.	You will love it!
Bye!	Bye!
It's Jacky Cheung.	OK, I know that, dear. It's Jacky Cheung!
[2] Hehe, he is one of the Top Ten Outstanding Young People in Hong Kong.	[2] Hehe, he is a big name, the King of Songs in Hong Kong, the real idol. It's impossible for me not to know him.
Yes, he also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Original Film Song.	Yes, he is extraordinary and has made many achievements, such as the most popular Asian artist of Channel V and Golden Melody Award for Best Male Mandarin Singer.
[3] Well, I'd like to recommend a song by him, A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream, to you. The whole song reflects the mentality of the times, and the parting scene is vividly displayed.	[3] I recommend his song The Crescent. Even in the 1980s when there were many good Cantonese songs, it is also a classic one.
Yes, it's a very touching song.	Yes. It's fantastic. Many people are into his songs!
[4] Do you need me to play this song for you?	[4] How about playing it for you now?
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you, please enjoy it!
Good night. Good night.	Well, good night!
OK, it's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	I'll satisfy you. I'm going to play it for you.
[2] Thank you for your praise. Do you want to listen to his Bosom Friend now? It's a beautiful song. It's a song about memories.	[2] Haha, Leehom Wang has many good songs. I recommend his All the Things You Never Knew. This song sounds like classical music. Leehom is dedicated to the lyrics and tune, which bang on people's hearts.
Yes, I believe you will like this song.	I recommend another song Need Some Company. Leehom is dedicated to this song, which reflects the loneliness of people nowadays.
Yes, it is.	Yes. I always have good recommendations.
[3] Can I play it for you now?	[3] I believe you are champing at the bit as I am. Do you want me to play it for you now?
OK, Need Some Company is playing for you.	OK, I'm on it.
So long as you like it.	You see, right? I always have good recommendations!
OK, bye!	Going to bed early and getting up early is good to your health. See you!
Good morning!	Hello.
On my way to school.	I'm on the way to work.
My name is Pinglu Liu.	My name is Liu Jingxiang. Keep it in mind.
Yes.	Hehe, yes, you are so smart.
I'm 21.	I'm 19 years old.
I like listening to music.	I like to watch movies and listen to music.
Yes, I like the movie named Unforgetable.	I like the movie My Rice Noodle Shop.
[6] Well, I have something else to do.Goodbye.	[6] Yes, I have something else to do.Goodbye.
Today is May 24, 2018.	It's 6:00 p.m. on May 17, 2018.
[2] Today is Leehom Wang's birthday.	[2] You know what? Today is the birthday of Leehom Wang.
Yes. He was born on May 17, 1976.	Seems that you are a stan. He won the MTV Asia Award for Favorite Artist in Taiwan.
[3] I'd like to recommend a song called Gardenia to you. It's a dance music combining flamenco and hip-hop. I hope you'll like it.	[3] I recommend a song You're Not Here (Live) to you. This song reflects the loneliness and hopelessness of two people in love with each other. It can touch your heart and give you a shock.
Yes. It's very good. You can listen to it.	Yes, it can feast your ears.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play You're Not Here for you?
You're Not Here is playing for you.	You're Not Here is playing.
Bye!	See ya!
Hello, she was born on October 18, 1974.	Hsu Chi was born on April 16, 1976.
[2] Thank you. I also know that she is a beautiful actress. She has won the Asian Film Awards for Most Popular Actress.	[2] Thank you. Hsu Chi won the the Hundred Flowers Award for Best Actress and the Golden Horse Award for Best Actress. I guess you like her!
Yes, she has also won the Best Actress of Houston International Film Festival·China Film Week.	She has brilliant performance in her movies. Many people like her because she is mature and her voice is attractive. She is a hot woman with innocence. I cannot see why people don't like her.
[3] I'd like to recommend her movie A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream to you. The film shows the struggle of an ordinary man to conquer his greatest fear and prove his worth. Hsu Chi plays a leading role in the film. The film shows the hardships behind kung fu movies.	[3] If you like her so much, I recommend that you watch her movie Beijing Rocks. Through the lives of several young men, the movie pictures the status quo of the underground rock music in Beijing. It's a very nice movie.
The director is Sung Kee Chiu.	It's Wanting Zhang. This movie is very nice!
It's good.	Yes, a lot of people like it!
[4] OK, I'll talk to you next time. Bye!	Go and watch it. I believe it won't let you down.
Bye!	OK, until next time, goodbye!
It's 6 p.m.	It's 12:00 p.m. sharp.
[2] Today's weather forecast: Cloudy early and sunny later. South winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 2 ℃.	[2] Hehe, by the way, here's today's weather for Jiujiang: Sunny with north winds. The high will be 27 degrees Celsius and the low 15 degrees Celsius.
Thank you for that.	Thank you for that.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
OK, I'll play it for you right away.	It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend Kris Wu's another song Rain Falls All Night. Kris Wu sings with his mellow voice, which has a soothing power. You can listen to it.	[2] My pleasure. I recommend Flower Field Mistake+Sun & Moon of My Heart (Live) to you. These are also Leehom Wang's songs. He found the common denominators of Peking Opera and western pop music. These two songs are so beautiful.
Then you can listen to his Run Toward the Future, which is the theme song of the movie Heroes 2.	How about the song Open Fire? This rap song has a strong rhythm. It's dope.
Very catchy.	Some people say: Although Leehom is less popular than Jay Chou, the former has more talents for making music than the latter.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you need me to play this song for you?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
Hey hey, you're welcome.	Hey hey, you're welcome.
OK, bye!	OK, bye!
Today's weather report for Luoyang: Light rain to cloudy. Variable winds. The high will be 13 ℃, and low 4 ℃. Be sure to keep warm.	Hi. Today's weather report for Lianyungang: Mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 14 ℃, and low 4 ℃. It's a bit cold. Please keep warm.
[2] Hehe, this kind of weather is very suitable for eating Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] You're welcome. Today's weather is suitable for eating marinated fish.
Yes, grilled grouper tastes great.	Marinated fish is a hot dish, which can warm you in autumn.
[3] The specialty of Xiangfulou Marinated Fish is Marinated Fish. You can try it.	You'll be satisfied after eating this hot dish. It can warm your body.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Today is May 17, 2018.	Today is September 16, 2018, Beijing Time.
[2] Thank you for your praise. Today is also Bingbing Fan's birthday.	[2] I also know that today is the birthday of your favorite star Bingbing Fan.
Ha ha, she is excellent, and her acting skills are also very good. She has won the Best Actress Award of the Houston International Film Festival.	Yes, and she has awarded Best Actress at Eurasia International Film Festival. She's good.
[3] I'd like to recommend you to watch the movie named Unforgetable, which is starred by Bingbing Fan. The plot is ingenious and the emotion is profound.	[3] Do you want to watch her movie Flash Point? The action scenes will feast your eyes.
It's good.	It's good.
You're going to love it.	[4] Then I won't hold you up. See you.
Bye!	See ya!
Today is sunny with south winds. The high will be - 4 ℃ and low - 13 ℃.	Today's weather report for Xingtai: Cloudy to Sunny. Southeast winds. The high will be 6 ℃ and the low - 1 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. It's a perfect day to have Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil.	[2] You're welcome. Today's weather is perfect for eating Spicy Crawfish.
Yes, this hot dish warms your body.	The point is that this hot dish can really warm your stomach.
[3] I recommend you to order Spicy Crawfish from Chuanlaojiu Chuanchuanxiang.	[3] If you want to eat it, I recommend Spicy Hot Pot Marinated Fish, which is very famous for Spicy Crawfish.
It's 35 yuan.	21 RMB per person.
It's on the fourth floor of Zhubang City Square, Qingnian Road, Kuancheng District.	It's on the east side of New Tangyao Street, Longyao County (diagonally opposite The Carnival).
4.1, very good.	The score is five. You can have a try.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	OK, I'm on it.
Bye!	I won't hold you up. Until next time. See you.
It's Xiaoming Huang.	It's Jimmy Lin.
[2] Thank you. Jimmy Lin is a very good man.	[2] Thank you. Speaking of Jimmy Lin, I remember he was honored with the Outstanding Chinese in America Award in 2003.
Yeah, he's also a model worker. He has been shortlisted for the Best Actor Award of the Chinese Film Media Awards for three times.	He was awarded Most Influential and Versatile Idol. He slays!
[3] Let me recommend to you a movie starred by Jimmy Lin, which can be regarded as a masterpiece of Chinese animation.	[3] Speaking of which, you can watch his comedy Anecdote of the Court of Heaven. It's really good!
It enjoys a good reputation.	Not bad.
OK, I hope you like it.	OK, OK, I hope you like it.
OK, goodbye!	OK, bye!
It's not very good. My study is backward.	Not so hot. I feel a bit lonely.
Sure.	Sure.
My name is Xiaoxiang Guo.	My name is Jiaoshan Ren.
Yes, you are so smart.	Haha, you're smart.
I'm 55 years old.	I'm in my early fifties.
I like listening to music and watching news.	Watching movies and listening to music.
[6] Well, I'm going to have dinner. Talk to you later.	[6] Yep. Gotta go. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
Good afternoon!	Meh, my job is boring. Same old, same old.
Yes, work is boring, work is boring, work is boring.	You are right, haha.
I don't want to listen to music now.	Thanks, but I don't want to listen to music for the time being.
Jay Chou is my idol.	Jay Chou? I like him!
Yeah, he's really great.	Yes. He is successful.
I've seen this one. Change it.	Sorry. I don't want to watch this now.
It's a good movie, I'll watch it.	Does it have a good reputation?
I'll watch it if I have time.	I should try it.
[5] I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[5] I'm going to work. I'll watch it later.
See ya!	Bye.
It's Kris Wu.	It's Kris Wu!
[2] He is a popular idol in China, a popular idol!	[2] I also know that Kris Wu is regarded as a versatile celebrity. He also won the Sohu Fashion Award for Asian Fashion Icon of the Year.
Then you really have a good taste. He has also won the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony in 2015.	His songs are very good! Many of them are the ones that I never get tired of.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his song Secret, which is very good. Kris Wu once again shows his ability to control music.	[3] I recommend his song Explore, which is really catchy. After listening to it, you cannot help humming "boom boom po".
You can listen to it. It's very catchy!	Do you like it?
[4] Do you want me to play this song for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play Explore for you?
Explore is playing for you.	Explore is playing for you.
I'm glad you like it!	Glad to hear that you like it!
Bye!	Goodbye! Looking forward to talking to you later.
Good evening.	Good evening.
I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	I've been studying with ease.
I like to listen to Time Boils The Rain best.	I like A Chinese Ghost Story the best.
Yeah, I like him very much.	Yes, I like him very much.
I like him very much.	His songs are really good.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I don't want to hear this song for the time being.
Is this song sung by Leslie Cheung?	Sounds good. Is it melodious?
Okay.	OK, I'll have a try.
Sure.	OK,  play it.
It's really good. Thank you.	It's a beautiful song. I like it very much.
[6] I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you later.	[6] I'm going to sleep. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
Good evening.	Good evening.
I'm very happy recently. I did well in the exam.	I'm very happy. I've made progress in my study.
Sorry, I don't want to talk about movies for the moment.	I don't want to talk about movies now.
Of course I do. She is my goddess.	Yeah, I'm a fan of hers.
Yes, she's excellent.	Yes, Hsu Chi plays the female role so well.
I'm not interested in this song.	Sorry, I'm not interested in this song.
This one I've never listened to.	Sounds great.
Then I'll listen to it.	I will definitely listen to it.
Sure.	Yes. I can't wait.
That sounds great.	It's really beautiful. Thank you for your recommendation.
Bye!	See ya!
Good evening.	Good evening.
I've made progress in my study recently.	I'm stressed out.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	I don't want to talk about movies now.
I like her very much.	Yes! I like her so much.
Yeah, she is excellent.	Yeah, she's lit.
I've heard it.	Sorry, I'm not interested in this song.
It sounds good by the name.	The title sounds good.
I want to hear it.	I'll definitely listen to it.
Sure.	Yeah.
[6] OK, I'm going to dinner. Talk to you next time.	[6] A beautiful song. Gotta go.
Bye!	Bye!
Good afternoon.	Hi.
It's easy.	I've been doing my work with ease.
I like The Bare-Footed Kid best.	I like Love in The Buff the best.
Xiaoming Huang.	It's Mi Yang.
Yeah, I really like her.	Hehe, she is so beautiful that it's hard for me not to notice her.
It's amazing that she has so many fans.	I love her works better for sure. Hehe.
I've seen it. I don't want to see it now.	I've watched this one.
What kind of movie is it?	Is it a comedy?
That's good. I'll watch it.	Cool. I'll watch it sometime.
[6] I'm going to work. I'll talk to you later.	[6] I have to go. Talk later, see you!
Bye!	See ya!
Today's weather is cloudy with northwest winds. The high will be 18 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	Today's weather report for Lianyungang: Overcast early and cloudy later. East winds. The high will be 21 ℃, and low 12 ℃.
[2] Thank you for your praise. It is suitable for eating Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce in such weather.	[2] Thank you. Today's weather is not good. I recommend Spicy Hot Pot, which may cheer you up!
Then you can try it today.	You may feel happy when eating this hot dish on cloudy days.
[3] It's recommended that you order it at Wanzhou Roasted Fish.	[3] Cool. I recommend a good restaurant called Sainazuoan Spicy Hot Pot Marinated Fish, which is known for Spicy Hot Pot.
31 yuan.	47 RMB per person.
The address is No.7-10, Zhongshan middle Road, Guanting District (near Changsha University of Science & Technology).	3rd floor, Building E, Xin'an Mall, Shimao Plaza, Renmin East Road. It's in Guannan Pyramid 3D Studio, which is on the east side of Lotte Mart.
3.7.	The score is 3.7.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	OK, I'll make a reservation for you.
Bye!	Bye!
Today's weather is cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 5 ℃.	Today's weather report for Baoding: Mostly cloudy with south winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low - 1 ℃. It's cold. Please keep warm.
[2] It's a good day to listen to Can You Feel the Love Tonight. It's the theme song of the TV series Don't Love Me.	[2] You're welcome. Today's weather is suitable for listening to You're Not Here. This song reflects the loneliness and hopelessness of two people in love with each other. It can touch your heart and give you a shock.
Leehom Wang.	It's Leehom Wang, a superb singer. It's worth listening to. Netizens say this touching song gives them a realistic experience.
[3] Do you want me to play You're Not Here for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play this song?
You're Not Here is playing.	I'm on it.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
I'm on my way home.	I'm wondering if I can get the bonus.
I hope so.	Who knows, it's been three months. Forget about it. Let's talk about something else.
My name is Pinglu Liu.	My name is Pinglu Liu.
Yes.	Yes.
I'm 52 years old.	I'm 38.
I like to listen to music and watch the news.	I like to watch movies and watch the news.
[6] OK, I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you next time.	[6] OK. I'm home. Talk later.
Bye!	See ya!
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon.
Well, I got promoted, so I'm happy.	I'm stressed out from my work.
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	My name is Jing Si.
Yeah.	Yes, you are smart.
I'm 26 years old.	I'm 19 years old.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	I like to listen to music and watch the news.
[6] Well, I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you next time.	[6] I'm going to have dinner. Bye.
Today is May 17, 2018.	Today is January 18, 2018.
[2] Today is Jay Chou's birthday.	[2] By the way, today is Jay Chou's birthday.
He is also the Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.	Yes, he is talented in music.
[3] Have you heard his song Chinese Zodiac (Live)? This song integrates the eastern and western elements and makes innovations to better integrate rap music and Chinese traditional culture.	[3] I recommend that you listen to his Rain.
You can try it. It's very nice.	This song gives me goose bumps.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you need me to play it for you now?
There you go.	It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
See ya!	OK, see ya!
It's Leslie Cheung.	It's Nicholas Tse.
[2] You're welcome. Nicholas Tse is a very good actor. He won the Golden Horse Award for Best Supporting Actor.	[2] Do you know Nicholas Tse? Many girls like him.
He is also the Most Popular Male Singer in Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.	And he is also a famous businessman in Hong Kong.
[3] You have a good taste. Nicholas Tse is a very talented actor. Have you seen the movie Where Are You Now starred by him? It's a good movie with a good reputation.	[3] In fact, he is also a superb actor. I recommend his movie The Stool Pigeon. Nicholas Tse's performance is getting better.
The director is Dante Lam.	The director is Lin Chaoxian.
7.3.	The score is 7.4.
I'm sure you'll like it.	It won't let you down.
Bye!	See ya!
Very good.	Good morning. I'm not doing so good. I'm plain stressed out from my work.
I see. Thank you.	OK, thank you.
I like July Rhapsody best.	July Rhapsody is my favorite.
Xun Zhou, of course.	I like Jacky Cheung the best.
Yes, I really like his songs.	I admire him. He's a good idol.
Yes, he is excellent.	Great! I also like his brilliant performance in movies.
I've seen it. I'm not interested in this movie.	I've seen this one.
Sounds good.	Who is the director?
How do people say about it?	I see. I'm looking forward to this movie.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm going to work. Talk later.	[6] I gotta go. I'm almost at company. Talk later.
Bye!	Nice talking to you, goodbye.
Today is October 18, 2018.	14 November, 2018.
[2] I'm flattered. Today is also Xiaoming Huang's birthday.	[2] By the way, here's today's weather report: Cloudy early and overcast later. Variable winds. The high will be 27 ℃, and low 21 ℃.
You're welcome.	No problem. At your service.
Goodbye!	See ya!
It's Jiong He.	It is sung by Jiong He.
[2] Jiong He is an excellent host. He also won the Most Popular TV Host of China Student Television Festival.	[2] I also know that he was shortlisted for Asian Television Award for Best Entertainment Presenter.
You really have a good eye. He is the most popular male TV host among college students in China.	He is not only a good host, but also a very kind-hearted person. He is also the Charity Star for Chinese Children.
[3] Do you want to listen to the song named Heroes of Earth? It's an episode in the TV series Heroes of Earth, which is starred by Jiong He.	[3] He's also a good singer. Do you want to listen to his All the Way? This song can make you happy.
You can listen to it. It's very catchy.	You can have a try.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play All the Way for you now?
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	Glad to hear that you like it!
Bye!	OK, I won't hold you up, goodbye.
It's 8 p.m.	Yes, my master. It's 12:00 p.m. on December 16, 2018. It's time for lunch.
[2] Thank you. By the way, today's weather is overcast with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 19 ℃ and the minimum temperature will be 8 ℃.	[2] Hehe. By the way, here's today's weather report for Hengshui: Sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 9 ℃, and low - 4 ℃.
Thank you for that.	Yes, I'm your little assistant.
Bye!	OK, goodbye.
Today is October 18, 2018.	Today is November 20, 2018.
[2] Thank you. By the way, today is Xiaoming Huang's birthday.	[2] Thank you. By the way, here's weather report for Yangzhou: Cloudy to light rain. Southeast winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 11 ℃. Don't forget to take an umbrella.
You're welcome.	No problem.
Bye!	Bye!
It's 8 p.m.	It's 12:00 p.m. sharp.
[2] Hehe, by the way, today is sunny with southwest winds. The high will be - 4 ℃ and low - 19 ℃. Remember to take an umbrella when you go out.	[2] I also know that today's weather report for Taiyuan: Overcast to light rain with west winds. The high will be 15 degrees Celsius, and low 5 degrees Celsius.
Thank you for that.	Thank you for that.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 6 ℃ and low - 4 ℃.	Today's weather report for Fuzhou: Cloud early and sunny later. Northwest winds. The high will be 20 ℃ and low 9 ℃.
[2] It's a good day to eat Spicy Crawfish.	[2] I'm flattered. This weather is suitable for eating marinated fish.
Many people like this hot dish.	Yes, it's palatable.
[3] If you want to eat, I recommend you to go to Yuweitang Flavour Sichuan Cuisine. Marinated fish is very delicious.	You have good taste.
OK, goodbye.	Cool, goodbye.
Bye!	Looking forward to chatting with you later.
Today is sunny with southwest winds. The high will be - 3 ℃ and low - 19 ℃.	Cloudy to light rain with northeast winds. The high will be 21 ℃, and low 15 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. It's a perfect day for eating Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] It's time for dinner. You must have not eaten. I have some recommendations.
I hope you like it.	How about Spicy Hot Pot?
Then you can try it.	[3] You can order Spicy Hot Pot in Wanzhou Marinated Fish and Chongqing Braised Chicken.
46 yuan.	30 RMB per person.
304 County Road, Hanjiang District (diagonally opposite to China Pacific Insurance Building)	Student Street of Fujian Agriculture and Forestry University, Jinshan Road, Cangshan District. It's next door to Ah Ming Porridge.
3.9.	The score is 4.
OK, I'm on it.	OK, I'm on it.
OK, see ya!	OK. Goodbye.
It's easy to study recently.	I barely catch up with it.
OK, I see.	OK, I see.
My name is Pinglu Liu.	My name is Qizhen Ji.
I'm a boy.	I am a boy.
I'm five years old.	I'm 16 years old.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	I like to listen to music. Recently, I've been listening to the song Wu.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] It's OK. I'm going to have dinner. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
I'm very good recently. I've made progress in my study.	Good afternoon. I've been doing good. I'm very happy.
Thank you.	I retired after all. I don't have much pressure.
Not really for music at the moment.	But I don't want to listen to music now.
Well, I like him very much. He is my idol.	Yes, Kris Wu is my favorite. He is a good actor.
Yes, he is not only good at acting, but also singing.	Kris Wu is lit. He deserves to be called "Mr. Model Worker".
I've seen it.	Sorry, I'm not interested in it.
How do people say about it?	What kind of movie is this?
I'll see it when I have time.	It's my type. I'm looking forward to it.
[5] Thank you for your recommendation. I have to go to bed. Talk to you next time.	[5] OK, thank you for your recommendation. I'll watch it after dinner.
Bye!	Goodbye.
Good morning. It's not so good recently, my study is backward.	Hello, I've been stressed out from my study.
Thank you for your encouragement. I will fight on.	Thank you. I will continue to study hard.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Ling Liu.
I'm a girl.	I'm a girl.
I'm nine years old.	I'm 26.
I like to watch movies and listen to music.	I'm a fangirl. Haha.
Ha ha, because I like Jacky Cheung so much.	Haha, I stan Na Xie and Jay Chou.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Yes. I'm going to school. Talk later.
Good morning.	Good morning.
It's easy.	I've been doing my work with ease.
I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music now.
He was born in Guangdong.	He was born in Changsha, Hunan Province
Yes.	Of course, he is one of the top ten TV hosts with the greatest online influence selected by the third China Film, TV and Network Influence Ceremony.
I've seen the film.	Sorry, I'm not interested in it.
What's the score?	Does it have a good reputation?
Then I'll go and have a look.	Yes, I'll watch it sometime.
[5] Well, I'm going to have a rest. I'll talk to you later.	[5] OK. I'm going to work. Bye.
Bye!	Mm-hmm.
No, I haven't.	Yes, and I'm not busy today.
Yes, I'll have a big meal.	Yes, it's very pleasant.
My favorite song is Bosom Friend.	I like Hand in Hand Promise the best.
Yes, I like his songs very much.	He is a famous teacher in the entertainment circles. I like him very much.
He is really excellent.	Yeah, I love his shows.
I've heard it.	Sorry, I'm not very interested in this song.
Sounds good by the name.	Is it a melodious song?
Then I'm a little interested in it.	I'm interested.
Yes, please.	Okay.
[6] It's getting late. Talk to you next time.	Great!
Bye!	Bye!
Yes, I know. It's Leehom Wang.	Yes. It's the famous singer Leehom Wang!
[2] Of course, he is a famous singer in Taiwan. I'd like to recommend a song You're Not Here to you! Leehom Wang's singing of Auld Lang Syne is very good!	[2] Leehom Wang is a popular idol in Taiwan Province.
Yes, and he's excellent. He won the 15th Huading Award for Best Singer in Asia.	He also won the Global Chinese Golden Chart Award for Best Male Singer.
[3] Yes, if you like his songs, I recommend you to listen to his song Floral Sea. It's a song full of island customs. Leehom Wang's island singing is very charming.	[3] You are great. Have you ever heard the song Sun & Moon of My Heart? Leehom applied the Chinese pentatonic scale and traditional Chinese instruments into this western style song. The audience can see the beauty created by classical Chinese music and western music through the combination of dizi, guzheng and R & B.
You're going to love it.	Yes, he is one of the best singers in Chinese. He's amazing!
[4] Do you want me to play this song for you?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	Well, OK. It's playing. Please enjoy.
All right. Bye!	Well, goodbye!
Today is sunny with south winds. The high will be 19 ℃, and low 8 ℃.	Here's today's weather report for Shenyang: Sunny with southwest winds. The high will be 2 ℃, and low - 10 ℃.
[2] I also know that this kind of weather is very suitable for eating Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers.	[2] This weather is suitable for listening to Crying Palms. This is a song about a sad love story.
Yes, it's your idol's song.	Yes, it's really worth listening to. Many people fell in love with it when they listened to it for the first time!
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] May I play it for you now?
Here it goes. Please enjoy it.	OK, I'm on it.
You are welcome.	You're welcome. At your service.
Goodbye.	Bye.
It will turn from cloudy to sunny with northwest wind today. The highest temperature will be 13℃, and the lowest temperature will be 5℃.	Light rain with northeast winds. The high will be 10 ℃, and the low 2 ℃.
[2] Thank you for your praise. It's a perfect day for Marinated Fish.	[2] I'm flattered! I recommend that you eat Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers in such weather.
It's a very popular hot dish.	It's also a nutritious hot dish.
[3] If you want to eat, you can go to Yufeiyu Fashion Hunan Cuisine. It has Steamed Fish Head  with Diced Hot Red Peppers.	[3] I recommend a good restaurant called Fatty Hu Hunan Restaurant. I'm sure you'll like it.
The price per person is around 44.	47 RMB per person.
The address is No.96, Jinzhu West Road, Chengguan District.	The address is 2 / F, Shidai Fenglin Food Street, Xicheng Avenue, Lingui District (next to Zhongduan Square).
3.7.	The score is 4.2.
Okay, I've made the reservation.	OK, I'll make a reservation for you right away.
Bye!	Goodbye. Call me if you need anything.
It will turn from sunny to cloudy with northeast wind today. The highest temperature will be 13℃, and the lowest temperature will be 5℃.	Cloudy skies to overcast ones. Variable winds. The high will be 8 ℃, and low - 1 ℃.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Marinated Fish.	[2] Today's weather is suitable for eating marinated fish.
It's a very popular hot dish.	Then you can eat it today.
[3] You can order Marinated Fish at Yuweitang Flavour Sichuan Restaurant.	[3] You can make a reservation in the restaurant Lashangyin Marinated Fish and Spicy Hot Pot (located at Macrolink Shopping Mall). This restaurant is very good.
The price per person is 29 yuan. The score is 3.5.	It costs 38 RMB per person and the score is 3.9.
The address is No.198, Lianyung Road, Chengguan District (located at Macrolink Shopping Mall).	It's at the intersection of Beijing West Road and Tongda Street, Jinfeng District. The restaurant is on the 4th floor of Macrolink Shopping Mall.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you.	OK, I'll make a reservation for you.
Bye!	Bye!
Xiaoming Huang.	It is Jacky Cheung.
[2] Jacky Cheung is a very good actor. He is the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	[2] You're welcome. He is a gentleman and I know much about him.
And he has won the Golden Needle Award, the highest honor of RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards.	You have a good eye. He's also a superb actor. He won the Golden Horse Award for Best Actor.
[3] I'd like to recommend one of his songs named Big Bowl Thick Noodles. It's very nice. It's a song with strong penetrating power. It's not bad.	[3] His performance in movies and his songs are both shocking! You must watch his The Days of Being Dumb, a traditional Hong Kong movie, which is about a romantic love story.
It's good.	It has a good reputation.
I'm sure you'll like it.	It's worth watching.
Bye!	All right. Bye!
Today is sunny with southwest winds. The high will be - 4 ℃ and low - 13 ℃.	Cloudy to sunny with variable winds. The high will be 19 ℃ and low 4 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. It's a perfect day to have Duck Blooding Chili Sauce.	[2] This kind of warm weather is suitable for eating Sautéed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce.
That's great. Pork tenderloin is really tender.	This dish is very nutritious.
[3] I recommend you to order Sautéed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce at Yicaiyige Classic Sichuan Cuisine.	[3] You can order Sautéed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce in Country Love Dumpling Restaurant.
It's 59 per person.	About 35 RMB per person.
The address is No.123 Liuxiang South Road, Xixiangtang District.	No.96, Jinzhu West Road, Chengguan District. It's a storefront.
The score is 4.1.	3
OK, I'm on it.	OK, I've made a reservation for you.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
Of course, it's Bingbing Fan.	It is Jimmy Lin.
[2] Jimmy Lin is an Asian idol.	[2] Jimmy Lin is a star that seems to never age. Many people envy that.
And he has also won the MTV Asian Award for Favorite Artist.	In addition, he was the Charity Star of 2008. He's very kind-hearted.
[3] Ha ha, do you like Jimmy Lin? I know a lot about him. By the way, you can see his movie, Secret, which is very good.	[3] Hehe, then you must watch his movie No Sir. It's really good. I guess you are gonna love it. The cast was very young at that time.
Besides Jimmy Lin, there are Ming Sun and Yitong Jin.	There is Takeshi Kaneshiro.
It's good.	Not bad.
OK, hope you like it.	OK, I'm sure you'll like it.
OK, see ya!	See ya!
Good morning.	Good morning.
I've been promoted recently.	I'm not busy. I'm leading a leisure life.
I like The One and Only best.	I like When Wind Blows Again the best.
Yes, I like him very much.	Yes, I stan him. He was low-key.
His acting is impeccable.	He was an excellent celebrity. I'll always be his fan.
I've heard this song. I don't want to listen to it now.	I've heard this song. I don't want to hear it one more time.
Sounds like a very positive song.	It's a poetic title. Is it a popular song?
Then I'll listen to it.	I'd like to hear it.
Sure.	Yes, go ahead.
[6] Thank you. I'm going to have a rest. I'll talk to you next time.	Wow, it's a beautiful song.
Bye!	Bye!
OK, it's playing for you.	Yes. The song is playing.
[2] Do you like Kris Wu? He's a super singer.	[2] In fact, Leslie Cheung had many beautiful songs, such as A Man of Intention, which is also one of Leslie Cheung's most sentimental works.
OK, how about A Man of Intention? This song is full of strong classical flavor.	How about Run Toward the Future? It's the theme song of the movie A Better Tomorrow II.
Yes.	Yes, only good songs can touch people and reflect their true feelings.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Shall I get it on for you?
There you go.	OK, the song is playing for you. Please enjoy it.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
It's sunny with northwest winds today. The high will be 19 ℃ and low 8 ℃.	Today's weather report for Urumqi: The high will be - 11 ℃ and low - 17 ℃. It's very cold. Please keep warm.
[2] It's a perfect day for eating Sautéed Beef Fillet.	[2] Haha, this kind of weather is suitable for eating Peanuts with Black Vinegar.
Peanuts are delicious.	This is really good finger food.
[3] I recommend you to order Peanuts with Black Vinegar in Xiangfulou Hunan Cuisine Restaurant. It's delicious.	[3] If you want to eat it, you can go to Chuanlaojiu Hot Pot and Chuanxiang, where Peanuts with Black Vinegar is the special.
It's very cheap, 31 yuan per person.	It costs 31 RMB per person. It's affordable. The address is No. 226 (1/F of Fengshang Cuiyuan), Beijing North Road, Xinshi District. The score is 4.5. Pretty high.
Sure, no problem.	OK, I'll make a reservation for you. Hope you and your colleague have a good meal!
OK, I won't disturb you, goodbye!	Bye.
Good afternoon!	Hello, I'm a bit down. I need your company.
The pressure of work is too heavy recently.	I haven't been myself lately. My study has been going downhill. I‘m a bit down.
Not really for movie at the moment.	Sorry, I don't want to talk about movies for the moment.
Yes, I like him very much.	I like Bo Huang very much. He is a superb actor!
He's really excellent. He's a perfect man.	My idol slays. He is excellent!
I've heard it. I don't want to hear it for the moment.	Sorry, I'm not interested in this song. Any other recommendations?
Sounds good.	I haven't heard this one. Is it sung by Bo Huang?
I'll listen to it when I'm free.	Yes, I like him so much because of his talent! He is a good actor as well as a good singer! I stan him!
Yes, go ahead.	Yes.
[6] Thank you. I'll talk to you next time. Bye.	[6] Thank you. I gotta go. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye.
I'm fine recently. I just got paid.	Hello, I'm good. I've been studying hard. My teacher praised me for my progress.
I will work harder and harder.	Hehe, I won't. Don't worry.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Jiaofei Zhang.
Yeah, you're smart.	Yes. You're right. Hahaha.
I'm six years old.	I'm 10 years old.
I like watching anime and small animals.	I like small animals and like to watch anime.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6]I have to study.Goodbye.
Today is sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 6 ℃ and low - 3 ℃.	Cloudy early and overcast later. Variable winds. The high will be 3 ℃ and low - 5 ℃.
[2] It's a good day to listen to Who. It's sung by Jiong He.	[2] You're welcome. Today's weather is suitable for listening to the song The 18 Martial Arts. It's a cool song with diversified styles and a fast rhythm. It's a very good song.
Yeah, it's a great song.	You're going to love it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	I'll play it for you right away.
See ya!	See ya!
Not bad.	Very good.
I got paid, ha ha.	Nothing special. I got promoted.
I like to watch Bo Huang's movie.	I like Last Winner the best.
It must be Bo Huang.	It's Ruby Lin. I think high of her.
Yes, I really like her.	I think, Ruby Lin is very pure, and always low-key. I've been her fan since the My Fair Princess.
She is a model worker in the entertainment industry.	She's really excellent.
I've seen it.	I've watched this one, but it's not my type.
Who is the director?	Who is the director? Who starred in it?
I'll watch it when I have time.	Sounds good! I'll see it sometime.
[6] OK, I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you next time.	[6] I gotta go. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
Today's weather is cloudy with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 19℃ and the minimum temperature will be 8℃.	Sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 25 ℃, and low 13 ℃.
[2] Thank you for your praise. Today's weather is suitable for eating Marinated Fish.	[2] My dear, today's weather is suitable for eating marinated fish.
Marinated grouper tastes great.	Marinated grouper tastes so good. You don't need to remove fish bones. It's flavourful.
OK, see ya!	Ok, goodbye.
Today's mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 21 ℃ and low 13 ℃.	Today's weather for Yinchuan: Cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be - 8 ℃ and the low - 16 ℃.
[2] Thank you for your praise. This kind of weather is very suitable for eating Marinated Fish.	[2] It is pleasant to listen to the song Chinese Soul in such weather, where the West meets the East. It combines rap music with traditional Chinese culture in a better way.
Someone said that this song is really good. You can try it.	Yes, it is.
[3] May I play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play this song for you?
OK, it's playing.	It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon!
I'm very happy today. I'm paid today.	It's very good. I've been studying with ease.
Not really for movies at the moment.	I don't want to talk about movies now.
Nicholas Tse is my idol.	I like him very much.  He has different charm at different ages.
Yes, he is an excellent actor.	He is a superb actor. He won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.
I'm not interested in this song.	I've heard of this.
Sounds good.	Can you describe it?
Then I want to listen to it.	Then I have to listen to it.
Yes, please.	Yes.
[6] OK, I'll listen to the song first. Talk later.	It's really a good song, but I gotta go. I'm home.
Bye!	See ya!
Not bad.	Not so hot. I didn't do well in my exams.
I see. Thank you.	Thank you. I will.
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	My name is Xinyang Si.
Yes.	You are very clever.
I'm 22.	I'm 22.
I usually like listening to music and watching news.	I like to watch the news and movies.
[6] It's OK. I'm going to have dinner. Talk later.	[6] It's all right. I'm going to study. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
It's Leehom Wang.	Leehom Wang.
[2] Leehom Wang is the king of pop music in Taiwan. He has won the 15th Huading Award for Best Singer in Taiwan.	[2] By the way, he has won the MTV Asia Awards for Favourite Artist in Taiwan.
Yeah, he's excellent. He has also won the Golden Melody Awards for Best Mandarin Male Singer.	Being a creative talent, he deserves it.
[3] Yes, do you want to listen to his song named Impossible to Miss You? This song is full of strong Chinese elements. Leehom Wang's face in the MV is really beautiful.	[3] Have you listened to the song Beautiful by him? It is a combination of electronic dance music with drum, flute and guzheng. The innovation makes the song sound sexy.
Yes, it's very catchy.	Originally, it was a light and witty soundtrack in a movie. With the rearrangement of Leehom Wang, it has become a highly internationally recognized song.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Then listen to it. Shall I play it for you now?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	It's playing.
OK, bye!	I won't keep you then, goodbye.
Good morning. He's 187cm tall.	Yes, I know. He is 187cm tall. He's very tall!
[2] Speaking of Kris Wu, he is the most popular male star on the cover of authoritative magazines.	[2] Yeah. Speaking of Kris Wu, he has won the Newcomer of the Year of Esquire Man At His Best Awards in 2014.
He has also been selected in the top ten most influential people in Asia by CNN and the top ten most influential people in Asia by Fast Company.	That's true. He's handsome, and has won the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony.
[3] Well, I recommend you to listen to his song All the Way, which is very catchy.	[3] Mm-hmm, would you like to listen to There Is a Place by him? His sincere and moving voice and story-telling singing style are full of charm. The melody, the singing and the lyrics complement with each other perfectly and naturally.
Yes, may you like it!	Yes, people speak highly of it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Well, shall I play it for you now?
OK, there you go. Please enjoy it.	It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
OK, see ya!	OK, goodbye!
Yes. It's Jacky Cheung.	Yes. It's Aaron Kwok.
[2] You're welcome. He is a very talented and talented artist.	[2] I also know that he has won the Golden Horse Award for Best Actor twice.
Besides, he has won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Original Film Song.	And he gets more attractive now.
[3] Do you like his movies? He starred in the movie The Sun Washed by Spring Rain, a romantic love story.	[3] He starred in many classic movies, such as Throw Down. It's a very good movie.
Yes. There are also Jay Chou, Aaron Kwok and Aaron Kwok.	Louis Koo, Cherrie Ying and Tony Leung.
You're going to love it.	It won't let you down.
Bye!	All right. Bye!
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, it's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
[2] You're welcome. Leslie Cheung's The Sun Washed by Spring Rain is also very good. It's the theme song of his album Run Toward the Future. Would you like to listen to it?	[2] You're welcome. Here's another song for you called Blamefully Beautiful by Leslie Cheung. He put a lot of emotion into it.
OK, here's another song All the Things You Never Knew by Leslie Cheung. It's a song full of his thinking and confusion about love.	Yes. How about The Years Flow Like Water? It has won the Top 20 Gold Songs Awards of Hong Kong in 1997.
Yes, it's a love song.	Mm-hmm, his singing was very charming.
[3] Would you like to listen to it now?	[3] Why don't you listen to it today? Shall I play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	OK, it's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
OK, bye!	Mm-hmm. OK. Bye
It's Jiong He.	It's Jiong He.
[2] Jiong He is a famous host of Hunan Satellite TV. Do you like his program?	[2] He has won the Best Host of Hunan Satellite TV.
He has also won the Best Entertainment Show Host of New Weekly.	By the way, he was among the Top Ten Most Influential TV Hosts over Internet at the 3rd China Film and Television Network Influence Ceremony. And he's also good at singing.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Another Self to you. It's a song about self.	[3] Here's a song for you. Would you like to listen to it?
It's called "Lonely Shadow".	It's called All the Way. You'll feel better after listening to it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Shall I play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	It's playing.
You're welcome. I'm glad you like it.	Yeah, it's very catchy. You've got good taste.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is cloudy with variable winds. The high will be - 4 ℃, and low - 14 ℃.	There's light rain with northwest wind today. The highest temperature will be 15℃, and the lowest temperature will be 6℃. Remember to bring an umbrella with you when you go out.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Sautéed Beef Fillet.	[2] Hehe! It's a good day for Sautéed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce.
This hot dish is very popular.	Yeah. Pork tenderloin tastes very delicious.
Then you can eat it today.	[3] You can order it at Kwonkimdo Korean Self-served BBQ and Hot Pot.
It's about 59 yuan.	About 40.
It's on the fourth floor of Baisheng shopping center, Jiefang West Road, Shinan District.	It's located on the 3rd floor of Baiyun Building, Jiefang West Road, Xiangyang Road (opposite to Hengdian Film City).
The score is 3.5.	It's 3.
OK, I'm on it.	OK, I'm on it.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 6 ℃ and low - 4 ℃.	There's light rain with northeast wind today. The highest temperature will be 22℃, and the lowest temperature will be 19℃.
[2] It's a perfect day to eat Peanuts with Black Vinegar.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, it's a good day for listening to Orchid Pavilion. The lyrics of this song are elegant and tasteful, which makes people listen to it repeatedly.
It's Jay Chou.	Jay Chou sang it. And Vincent Fang wrote the lyrics. It's a song in Chinese  style.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
Orchid Pavilion is playing for you.	Playing  Orchid Pavillion for you.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Today's weather is sunny with southwest winds. The high will be - 3 ℃ and low - 16 ℃. Be sure to keep warm.	There's light rain with northeast wind today. The highest temperature will be 5℃, and the lowest temperature will be 3℃.
[2] You're welcome. It's suitable to eat Mapo Tofu in such weather.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, it's a good day for listening to Invisible Hands. Everyone should be treated gently by the world.
It's sung by Jiong He.	Yes, it was sung by Jiong He. It's very catchy!
[3] Can I play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	It's playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
OK, see ya!	See ya!
Na Xie is 166cm tall. She is 165cm tall.	Yes, she is 166cm tall and weighs 46kg.
[2] You're welcome. Na Xie is a famous hostess. Of course I know her.	[2] Thank you very much. By the way, she is one of the best hosts in China.
Yes, and she is also a member of the jury of Cannes International Film Festival.	She's a beauty who was born in Zhongjiang, Deyang, Sichuan province.
[3] Yes. I'd like to recommend a movie to you, called Happy Camp, which is starred by her. It's a good movie.	[3] Yeah. Here's a movie for you called Happy Running, which is starred by her. The theme song and the episode in it are very catchy.
It's a drama movie.	It's an animation as well as a comedy.
It's 7.3.	6.4. It's not bad.
I'm sure it won't let you down.	Hope you like it.
Bye!	Be safe on the way. Bye!
Hello	Good morning.
Not bad. I've made progress in my study.	Not good. I didn't do well in the exam. And I was scolded.
But I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music now.
I like him very much.	Of course. He is my favorite star.
Yes, he is a great singer.	Yeah. He's also an excellent actor.
I've seen it.	Sorry, I'm not interested in it.
The name sounds interesting.	How's the score?
Well, I'll see it sometime.	Sounds good! I'll see it sometime.
[5] OK, I'm home. Talk later.	[5] I'm at school now. Talk later!
Bye!	See ya!
Good morning!	Good morning.
I'm very happy recently. I've had a promotion.	There's a lot of pressure from work recently.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	Not really for movie at the moment
He's my idol.	OK, he is my favorite actor.
Yes, he's a great actor.	Yeah. he is an excellent actor. His acting is amazing!
I've heard it.	I'm not interested in this song.
Sounds very good. I'd listen to it.	I like this type of music.
[5] Talk later. I'm going to work.	Mm-hmm, this kind of music sounds very catchy.
Sure.	Yeah.
[6] OK, I'll talk to you next time. Bye.	[6] It's great! I'm going to work. Talk later!
Bye!	Yeah, bye!
Today is November 6th, 2018.	It's October 18.
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Xun Zhou's birthday.	[2] Today is Xun Zhou's birthday.
Yes, you have a good taste. She has won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actress.	Yeah, she's very excellent. She has won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actress and the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress.
[3] I'd like to recommend a movie named The Bare-Footed Kid starred by her. It tells us that the protagonist of this movie is not afraid of gossip, but rather acts in selflessly.	[3] Well, here's a good movie for you called The Equation of Love & Death, which is starred by her. Love is covered with suspense. It's beyond the complete understanding.
It's an action crime movie.	It's a movie with love story, drama and crime.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I'm glad you like it.
OK, see ya!	Okay. Bye.
It's Jiong He.	Yes, it's Jiong He.
[2] Speaking of Jiong He, he is the most popular male TV host of China Student Television Festival.	[2] Speaking of Mr. He, he is an A-lister host in China. And he was among the Top Ten Most Influential TV Hosts over Internet at the 3rd China Film and Television Network Influence Ceremony.
Yes, he is also the Most Popular TV Host of China Student Television Festival.	He has also won the Best Host of Hunan Satellite TV. He's a genleman.
[3] Well, I'd like to recommend a song of him named Another Self to you. It's a song full of self and inner loneliness. The melody of this song is simple but deeply rooted in the hearts of the audience. The lyrics are profound and sincere.	[3] Well, by the way, I'd like to recommend to you the song All the Way by him. You'll feel good after listening to it.
Yeah, you'll like it.	I'm sure you will like it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Hey hey! Shall I play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, it's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
OK, bye!	OK, I won't bother you, goodbye.
Kris Wu is 187cm tall.	Yes, he's 187cm tall. It's taller than he looks.
[2] Hehe, I also know that he is the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony in 2015.	[2] He is a popular idol now.
Besides, he has also won the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony in 2015.	By the way, he has won the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony.
[3] I'd like to recommend a song Deserve to you. Kris Wu's face in the picture is really handsome. You can try it.	[3] The songs by him are very good. Here's a song for you called Deserve. His singing is great!
Yes, it's really nice.	Well, this song is very popular.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Shall I play it for you now?
Playing Deserve for you.	OK, it's playing for you.
Bye!	Okay, goodbye.
Today is cloudy with northwest winds. The high will be 23 ℃ and low 13 ℃.	It will turn from sunny to cloudy with south wind. The highest temperature will be 18℃, and the lowest temperature will be 12℃.
[2] You're welcome. It's a perfect day to have Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil.	[2] You're welcome. It's a good day to listen to Heroes of Earth. It integrates and innovates eastern and western elements, combining rap with Chinese traditional culture better.
It's a great song. Many people like it.	You're gonna love it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Shall I play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	It's playing.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
OK, bye!	Yeah, bye!
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, it's playing.
[2] Do you want to listen to the song Another Self? This song is also the theme song of a children's book. Do you want to listen to it?	[2] You're welcome. By the way, Coupe by Kris Wu is also a good song. It's the lead song of Antares, the debut album by him released in 1988. It's very catchy!
Then you can listen to the song Floral Sea. It's a song full of island style. The island tune, which has a soothing power, is also very nice.	All right. How about A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream?  It's the theme song of the mobile game World of Sword. It's very catchy. Give it a try!
Very catchy!	Many people like it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
OK, it's playing.	It's playing for you.
You are welcome.	That's all right.
Goodbye.	Goodbye.
Good morning!	Good morning.
I'm planning to have a meal.	No, I don't.
I like A Simple Life best.	It's A Simple Life.
I like Bo Huang best.	Andy Lau. I like him very much.
Yes, he is excellent.	Yeah. And he has earned more than 100 million yuan.
Mm-hmm, he's really excellent.	Ha ha ha, he deserves it.
I've seen it.	Well, I'm not interested in it.
Sounds good. It's my type.	How do people say about it?
Then I'll go and have a look.	Not bad. I'll see it when I'm free.
Bye!	Bye!
It's mostly cloudy with northwest winds. The high will be 14 ℃ and low 5 ℃.	It will turn from sunny to cloudy with southwest wind in Hangzhou today. The highest temperature will be 17℃, and the lowest temperature will be 5℃. Remember to drink more water.
[2] Well, it's suitable for eating Marinated Fish in such weather.	[2] Hee hee, it's a good day for Duck Blooding Chili Sauce.
It's a hot dish, very popular.	It's delicious. It's also tasty with a bowl of rice.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
It's 6 p.m.	It's 8:00 p.m. on December 18, 2018.
[2] Hehe, by the way, today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 26 ℃ and low 13 ℃.	[2] Hey hey! It's cloudy with southeast wind today. The highest temperature will be 21 ℃, and the lowest temperature will be 12 ℃. It's a good day!
It what I should do.	You're welcome. It's my pleasure.
Bye!	OK, I won't bother you then. Bye!
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon!
I'm very happy. I've been promoted.	Not good. I didn't do well in the exam.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Jiaofei Zhang.
I'm a girl.	I'm a girl.
I'm eight years old.	I'm 9 years old.
I like small animals, watching animation and listening to children's songs.	I like watching animation and listening to children's songs.
[6] Hey hey. I'm getting home, bye!	[6] I'm going to watch animation. Bye!
I'm very good recently. I've got a bonus.	Good evening! I've been under a lot of pressure recently.
Yeah, I like listening to music very much.	OK, thank you!
Bosom Friend.	It's Rain. It's very catchy!
Yes, I really like Jay Chou.	Yeah, he is a popular singer. He has won the Golden Horse Award for Best Newcomer. It's amazing!
I like his songs very much.	Sure. He is my idol!
I've heard this song. I don't want to hear it for the moment.	I've listened to it. And I don't want to listen now.
I haven't heard this song yet. Is it good?	Well, I haven't listened to it. Is it new?
OK, I'll listen to it.	Well, I wanna listen now.
Sure.	Sure, please.
I'm glad you like it.	OK, thank you!
Bye!	Bye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	It's November 8, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Xiaoming Huang's birthday.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, it is cloudy  with southwest wind in Beijing today.  The highest temperature will be 14℃, and the lowest temperature will be 2℃.
You're welcome. It's my pleasure.	My pleasure.
See ya!	OK, have a good day!
It's 8 p.m.	It's 7:00 a.m. on October 7, 2018.
[2] It's cloudy with northeast wind today. The high will be 19 ℃ and low 7 ℃. Remember to take an umbrella when you go out.	[2] Hey hey! By the way, it's cloudy with northeast wind in Hangzhou today. The highest temperature will be 27℃, and the lowest temperature will be 17℃. It's a good day!
Yes, it's a good day for Duck Blooding Chili Sauce.	Have a good time!
Bye!	Bye!
Today's light rain with northeast winds in Fuzhou. The high will be 22 ℃ and low 14 ℃.	It's overcast with light rain and no continuous wind direction in Chongqing today. The highest temperature will be 18℃, and the lowest temperature will be 13℃.
[2] You're welcome. It's a good day to listen to Who's the Keyman. This song interprets Jiong He's loneliness and powerlessness.	[2] You're welcome. It's a good day to eat Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil to warm up.
Yes, many people like this hot dish.	Yeah, the hot dish is very delicious.
[3] If you want to eat it, I recommend you to go to the restaurant named Laoqi Sichuan Restaurant. The Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil in this restaurant is very good.	[3] You can go to Sansheng Sanwei Tantra Sichuan Food (Longfor Paradise Walk Store) to eat it.
It's 35 per person.	59 yuan. It's very cheap.
It's on the fourth floor of Longhu Shandong Commercial Plaza, 318 Shiyou Road, Yuzhong District.	It's on the 5th floor of Longhu Shidai Street, Shiyou Road No.174, Yuzhong District (next to the passage from Hall A to Hall C).
The score is 3.7.	3.9. It's pretty good.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	Sure, no problem.
Okay, bye.	Ok, good night.
Hello	Hi.
I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	It's good!  The study is easy for me.
My name is Shuaiyu Cai.	My name is Xinqian Zhang.
I'm a girl.	Of course I'm a girl.
I'm six years old.	I'm nine years old.
Yes, I like small animals and watching animation.	Yes, I like small animals and watching animation.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6] I have to go. I'm going to study.
It's 8:00 p.m.	It's 18:00 sharp in the afternoon.
[2] No worries. By the way, today is sunny with north winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 3 ℃.	[2] Hey hey! By the way, there's light rain before it turns cloudy with east wind today. The highest temperature will be 17℃, and the lowest temperature will be 9℃.
Keep warm.	Remember to bring an umbrella with you when you go out!
Well, be sure to keep warm!	Keep warm and watch out for colds.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Hello.	Good evening. I'm so happy!
Yes, of course.	Ha ha ha! I've got a promotion and a pay raise.
I like the movie named Unforgetable.	Yes. My favorite movie is Mini-Bus.
I like Bo Huang best.	Bo Huang. He's an excellent actor.
Yes, I like him very much.	Yeah, he is my idol. And he's also a good man.
Yes, his songs are really good.	Yes, but I like his movies better.
I've seen it. Do you have any other recommendations?	I've seen it. And I don't want to see it now. Are there any other movies?
What kind of movie is it?	What kind of movie is it? And how about its reputation?
It's my favorite type. I'll see it when I have time.	OK, I'll see it sometime.
Bye!	See ya!
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon!
Yes, I did well in the recent exam.	Yeah, the study is easy.
I like Begone Love best.	I like Lonely Shadow best.
Yeah, I like him very much.	Yes, I like him very much.
He is really excellent.	Yes, he is really excellent.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I've listened to it. Are there any other songs?
Sounds good.	It's a good name
Then I'll listen to it.	Well, I'd like to give it a try.
Sure.	Yes, please.
It's really good. Thank you.	It's really nice. Thank you for that.
Bye!	See ya!
Not bad.	Hello! I'm fine. I've got bonus lately. There's something to look forward to.
Thank you.	Thanks!
My name is Ming Sun.	Yes, my name is Xiaona Zeng.
Yes.	Ha ha! Yes, that's right.
More than 50.	Well, I'm in my forties.
I like listening to music.	Yes. I love music and news, and sometimes I pay attention to celebrities.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] I'm flattered. I'm going home to cook. Talk later!
Bye!	See ya!
Good evening.	Hi.
It's good recently. I did well in the exam.	Very good. It's easy to study.
I like listening to Bosom Friend best.	Need Some Company.
Yeah, I like him very much.	Yeah, he's a music genius. Of course I like him.
His songs are really good.	He has also won the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart.
I've heard this song. I don't want to hear it now.	I've listened to it. Are there any other songs?
Sounds good.	The name sounds good.
Okay.	I'll listen to it. It must be catchy.
Okay.	Sure, please.
It's really good. I like it very much.	It's really catchy. Thank you for playing it!
See ya!	See ya!
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	There you go.
[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend Jay Chou's another song One Dream (Live). It's a hip-hop song with warm melody. It's very catchy.	[2] My pleasure. By the way, would you like to listen to Flower Field Mistake? It skillfully combines R & B and Peking Opera singing. It's really good.
Yes, Floral Sea is also a nice song. The melody of this song is tropical. It's very nice.	Yes. You must listen to All the Things You Never Knew. It's amazing!
You must listen to it. It's very catchy.	The song is full of strong classical flavor. The lyrics and melody are profound and sincere. And each note can hit the heart.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
There you go, All the Things You Never Knew.	It's playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
That's all right.	That's all right.
Goodbye.	Goodbye.
Libra.	It's Libra.
[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Jimmy Lin, he's an all-round artist. He has won the Chinese Film Media Award for Best Actor.	[2] You're welcome. He is very famous, known as a superstar.
Yes, he is also a winner of the Hong Kong Film Awards for Best Actor.	He was awarded as the Youth Leader of China in 2014.
[3] I'd like to recommend you a movie starred by him. It's called The Sun Washed by Spring Rain. It's very funny.	[3] Yes. Since you like him so much, why don't you see The Love Winner starred by him? The film shows the life and love of contemporary young people and expresses the infinite charm of life from an unique viewpoint in a form of comedy.
It's Mengfan He.	It's Yanping Zhu, a senior director.
Yes, you will love it.	You're gonna love it.
Bye!	See ya!
Jay Chou is 175cm tall.	Yes, he is 175cm tall.
[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Jay Chou, he has won the Most Popular Male Singer of the Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.	[2] Speaking of Jay Chou, he is one of 100 Most Creative People listed by Fast Company.
He's also the winner of the MTV Asian Music Awards for Most Popular Artist.	You've got good taste. He has won the MTV Asia Awards for Most Popular Artist twice.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend his song Rain to you. It's very good. The melody is very beautiful. Jay Chou sings with his mellow voice, which makes people feel the fragrance of the fragrance of nature.	[3] The song Secret by him is very catchy. It's about a romantic love story with a little suspense in a style of British rock music. With determined piano playing different from before, it continues the atmosphere of loneliness and vicissitudes from the beginning, simple but deeply rooted in people's hearts.
The song is also very good.	Give it a try. It's very catchy.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you need me to play this song for you?
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, here it goes.
You're welcome. It's my pleasure.	You're welcome. I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	OK, I will leave you to it, goodbye.
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon!
Work is boring.	It's good. I've got a promotion lately.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	Sorry, I don't want to talk about movies now.
Yes, I like her very much.	I like her very much. She's very nymph.
Yes, she's a popular star with many fans.	Yeah. I will like her forever.
I've heard this song. Any other recommendations?	I've listened to it many times and I don't want to listen again.
It's good. I've listened to it many times.	Is it also sung by her?
I'd like to listen to it.	Well, I'm curious about it now.
Sure.	Yes, please.
Well, thank you.	It's a good song. Thanks for your recommendation!
Bye!	Bye!
Good evening!	Good afternoon!
I've made progress in my study recently.	Well, it doesn't.
I will.	I will.
My favorite movie is The Mirror.	You forget it again! My favorite movie is The Mirror.
It must be Jimmy Lin.	Ruby Lin.
Yes, I like her very much.	She's an excellent actress with great acting skills.
Yes, she's so excellent. That's why I like her so much.	It's impressive!
I've seen it.	Well, I don't want to see it now.
How's the review?	Who is the director of it?
Well, I'll see it sometime.	OK, I'll see it sometime.
[6] I'll go and have a look later. I'll talk to you later.	[6] Well, I'm getting home. See ya!
Bye!	Bye!
Hello Hello	Ha ha, you are also good.
Not bad, just a little boring.	I've got bonus today. I'm very happy.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	Not really for movies at the moment.
Yes, she is my favorite star.	Yes, she is very excellent. I like her very much.
Yes, her acting is really excellent.	Ha ha! The point is she's very beautiful and attractive.
I've heard this song. I don't want to hear it now.	I've heard this song. Change another one.
It's a good name.	The name sounds good.
I'll listen to it.	Good! I'll listen to it.
Sure.	Sure, please.
It's really good. It's really catchy.	Well, it's very catchy. Thanks for recommending it to me.
[6] Talk later. Bye.	[6] I've got stuff to do now. Talk later!
Bye!	Bye!
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon!
It's easy.	There are few things to do at the company. The work is very boring.
I don't want to listen to music now.	But I don't want to listen to music now.
Yes, I like him very much.	Yes. He was on the CCTV Spring Festival Gala in the year of sheep.
He is my idol.	Yeah, it's impressive!
I've seen it.	I'm not interested in the film.
Who's the director?	What kind of movie is it?
It's my favorite type. I'll see it when I have time.	Good! I like it very much. I'll see it sometime.
[5] I'm going to dinner. Talk to you next time.	[5] I've got something else to do. Talk later!
Bye!	Bye!
It's 8 p.m.	It's 8:00 p.m.
[2] Hehe, today's weather is cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be - 6 ℃ and low - 13 ℃.	[2] Hey hey! Let me remind you that it will turn from sunny to cloudy with no continuous wind direction today. The highest temperature will be -1℃, and the lowest temperature will be -13℃.
Yes, keep warm.	Yeah, please keep warm.
All right. Bye!	All right. Bye.
Today is October 18, 2018.	Hi! It's May 17, 2018.
[2] Today is also Leehom Wang's birthday.	[2] Today is also the birthday of the star Leehom Wang. What a coincidence!
Yes, and he's also the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart.	And he is very clever, a real talent! He has won the 15th Huading Award for Best Singer in the World.
[3] I'd like to recommend a song of him called There Is a Place, which is a song of the same name. The melody of the song is classical and beautiful. Leehom Wang performed this song with his mellow voice and delicate singing style. I recommend it to you.	[3] Well, I'd like to recommend to you the song Bridge of Faith by him. It's great! And it's very catchy as an ending song!
Yes, many people like it.	Yes, it is.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	Playing for you. I believe you will like it.
OK, see ya!	OK, bye.
She's type O.	Yes, she has blood type O.
[2] I also know that she has won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actress.	[2] I know more. She is a cool and persistent actress.
She has won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actress. She has also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress.	You've got good taste. She has won the Chinese Film Media Awards for Best Actress.
[3] I'd like to recommend a movie starred by her. It's called The Bare-Footed Kid, which has a good reputation.	[3] Yeah, here's a movie for you called A West Lake Moment. Love is a chemical reaction of fate, which will do wonders some day.
[4] Then I recommend Rene Liu's movie named Starry Starry Night to you. It's a good movie. It's a short film which can bring you a visual feast.	[4] You can go to see the movie Starry Starry Night she starred in. Netizens commented that the movie shows Jimi's original paintings, girls' colorful childhood dream, and the innocent first love, which are very beautiful.
The score is 7.4.	Yes, it's 7.4.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Don't miss it!
OK, see ya!	Bye.
Good afternoon. I'm on my way home.	I'm busy with my work. I've been under a lot of pressure recently.
Well, I will.	I will. Thank you!
My name is Fengzhou Zhang.	My name is Liqian Han.
I'm a lady.	Have a guess. What do you think?
Wow, you're so smart.	Congratulations! You guessed it right. You're so smart.
I'm 20 years old.	Well, I'm in my fifties.
I usually like to listen to music and watch movies.	I usually watch the news about Andy Lau and Leslie Cheung.
[6] OK, I'm going to the company. Talk to you next time.	[6] OK, I'm going to have a rest. Bye!
Good afternoon!	Hi.
I'm very happy recently. I've been promoted.	I've got bonus. I'm so happy.
I like The Sun Washed by Spring Rain best.	Wish You Could Decide.
Yes, I like him very much.	Yeah. The movie Farewell My Concubine he starred in won the Golden Palm Award.
Yeah. He's really excellent.	Wow, that's my favorite star!
I've heard it. I'm not interested in it.	I'm not interested in this song.
Sounds good.	The name sounds so sad.
Yeah.	Well, I'll listen to it.
OK,  play it.	Okay.
It's really nice.	Let me see how it is.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
On my way home.	I'm counting money at home.
I'm so happy today.	No, it's bonus.
Lonely Shadow.	A Man Of Intention.
Yeah, he was my favorite star.	Well, he is my idol. I like him a lot.
Yes, he is a superstar in the entertainment circle.	Wow, I like him more, ha ha!
I've heard it. I'm not interested in this song.	Well, I don't want to listen to it now.
It sounds good by the name.	Sounds like a good song.
Okay.	Well, I'll give it a try.
Sure.	Yes, please.
[6] Thank you. I'll talk to you next time. Bye.	[6] Thank you. I've got stuff to do now. Talk later!
Bye!	Bye!
Today is sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 18 ℃ and low 5 ℃.	It's overcast with light rain and northeast wind today. The highest temperature will be 20℃, and the lowest temperature will be 17℃. Remember to bring an umbrella with you when you go out!
[2] Hehe, it's a good weather for eating Marinated Fish.	[2] It's a good day for Marinated Fish.
Marinated grouper is delicious.	The grilled grouper tastes great. You can try it.
[3] If you want to eat, you can order Marinated Fish at Ruiyu Roasted Fish.	[3] You can order it at Tanlu Roasted Fish(Wanyuecheng Store).
It's about 81.	It's about 57 yuan, not expensive.
The address is No. 226 Hengzhu Road, Xiaoshan District.	It's on the 4th floor of Jianfa Bay Yuecheng, Yenerli No.1, Wuyuanwan Road, Huli District.
The score is 3.7.	It's 3.2.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	OK, I'm on it.
Bye!	Bye!
Hello, it's 12:00 at noon.	It's October 21, 2018, my lord. It's a good day.
[2] You're welcome. Do you want to know about the weather?	[2] By the way, if you're going out, you need to know that it's cloudy with no continuous wind direction today. The highest temperature will be 19℃, and the lowest temperature will be 8℃.
Have a nice meal.	You're welcome. It's my pleasure. Be safe on the road!
Bye!	Yeah, have a nice meal. Bye!
It's 6 p.m.	It's eight o'clock in the morning.
[2] You're welcome. You know, today is sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 18 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	[2] By the way, it is cloudy with north wind today. The highest temperature will be 21℃, and the lowest temperature will be 14℃.
Yes, it's very suitable to eat Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce.	Yes, it's suitable for going out.
OK, I won't keep you.	It's OK. Work goes first.
All right. Bye!	OK, you should go to work. Bye!
Playing When Wind Blows Again.	Yes, it's playing for you.
[2] I'm flattered. By the way, Kris Wu's another song named All The Way is also very catchy. It's a song full of Chinese style. The lyrics are simple and beautiful and the melody is clean and simple. It's a rare Wu style song. You can try it.	[2] You're welcome. Here's another song for you called Silence is Gold. You can listen to it. It's a classic song by Leslie Cheung and Samuel Hui. And it's a well-known Cantonese song.
Yes, there are also songs sung by Leslie Cheung. I hope you like it.	Yes. How about The Years Flow Like Water? His singing is very charming and it has been covered many times. I'm sure you'll like it.
Of course. It's a very affectionate song.	Yes, it's very catchy. You'll can't help listening to it repeatedly.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	OK, it's playing for you.
You are welcome.	You are welcome.
Bye!	All right. Bye!
All the Things You Never Knew is playing for you.	OK, it's playing.
[2] Hey, hey, I'd like to recommend another song named Self Directed Act to you. It's a song full of strong classical flavor. You can listen to it.	[2] It's done, dear. I'd like to recommend to you another song by Leehom Wang called Another Heaven. It's romantic with artistic conception. It expresses the deep love of a couple.
Yes, his Another Heaven is also very good. You can listen to it.	Yes, here's another song called Need Some Company. You can give it a try. It's a song that emphasizes the inner world. Leehom Wang writes the loneliness of urbanites through it.
Well, it's a good song.	His fans speak highly of it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
OK, it's playing.	It's playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	[4] I won't disturb you. Bye!
Bye!	Yeah.
Of course. It's September 12th.	Yes. It's September 12th.
[2] Thank you for your praise. I also know that Mi Yang is the Best Actress of the Asian Film Awards.	[2] She has won the Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress. Of course I know her well.
You really have a good taste. In fact, she has also won the Most Popular Actress of China TV Golden Eagle Award.	Ha ha, it seems that she turns the audience's support into the driving force. She also won the Best Actress of Houston International Film Festival. It's impressive!
[3] Well, I'd like to recommend you a movie starred by her. The movie starred by Mi Yang is very nice. I recommend it to you.	[3] Do you want to see the movie A Fairy Tale in Beijing starred by her? Generally speaking, it's a good movie.
It's 7.6.	It's 7.
I'm sure you'll like it.	OK, hope you like it.
All right. Bye!	Mm-hmm, bye.
Good evening.	Good evening.
I'm at school.	I'm at home. I've been under a lot of pressure from study recently.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	Well, I don't want to watch movies now.
Jackie Chan, I like him very much.	Jackie Chan? I like him very much.
Yes, he is a very excellent actor.	Yeah, he deserves it.
I've heard this song. Any other recommendations?	I've heard it.
Sounds good.	I haven't listened to it. Is it catchy?
Well, I'll listen to it.	I'm interested in it.
Sure.	Okay, thank you.
It's really good. I like it very much.	[6] I'm listening to it. Talk later, bye!
Good evening.	Good evening.
On the way home.	I'm at home, doing nothing.
I don't want to listen to music now.	Not for now.
Of course I know him.	Surely I know. He was a popular singer.
Yes, he was also one of the 25 greatest actors in Asia on CNN.	It's a pity that he passed away.
I've seen it.	I've watched this one.
Who is the director?	What's the score?
It's quite high. I'll see it when I have time.	Wow, I'm going to see it.
Bye!	Mm-hmm, bye.
It's 8 a.m., December 23, 2018.	It's 10 p.m.
[2] Thank you. Today's mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 6 ℃ and low - 7 ℃.	[2] Hey hey, I remind you that it's cloudy with northeast wind in Guiyang today. The maximum temperature will be 21℃, and the minimum temperature will be 9℃. The temperature varies a lot. Please keep warm to prevent you from catching a cold!
My pleasure.	You're welcome. Your health goes first.
Good night.	Bye!
It's cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 16 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	There's shower before it turns cloudy with north wind today. The highest temperature will be 15℃, and the lowest temperature will be 4℃. Please keep warm!
[2] Today's weather is suitable for eating Sautéed Beef Fillet.	[2] It's a good day for Baked Scallion Pancake.
Yes, this hot dish is very popular.	Yeah, eating staple food can make people happy.
OK, I hope you like it.	Good!
Bye!	Bye!
He is 176cm tall.	He's 1.76cm tall.
[2] Thank you. Speaking of Jacky Cheung, he is a king of music in Hong Kong.	[2] I'm ready for that. By the way, he is a super movie star. You must have heard of that.
Yes, he has won the Golden Needle Award of RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards.	It seems that you like him very much. Then you must know that he has won the Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards for Most Popular Male Singer.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend his song Self Directed Act to you. It's very catchy.	[3] Would you like to watch the movie The Days of Being Dumb starred by him? It's great! You're gonna like it.
It's Baoping Cao.	It's Blackie Ko.
I'm sure you'll like it.	OK, I'm waiting for your feedback.
All right. Bye!	Bye!
Of course, it's Bingbing Fan.	Mi Yang.
[2] I'm flattered. She's a beauty in the entertainment industry.	[2] It seems that you like her very much. She has won the Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress.
You really have a good taste. She has also won the Magnolia Award for Best Actress.	It's said that she was a child star.
[3] Well, I'd like to recommend her movie The Bare-Footed Kid to you. It's really good. It's a good movie that people can't help but love.	[3] Here's a movie for you called A Fairy Tale in Beijing. It's said that it's the first movie by Mi Yang. The scenes in the movie are very beautiful. The story is simple, without complicated lines. But it's very touching!
It's a drama movie with action and plot.	It's a romantic feature movie.
It won't let you down.	Hope you like it.
Bye!	See ya!
Good afternoon. I've made progress in my study recently.	Good afternoon. I've been under a lot of pressure in study recently.
OK, I'll try my best.	I will study harder.
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Xiaoqian Hu.
I'm a girl.	I'm a girl.
I'm eight years old.	I'm eight years old.
I like small animals, animation and children's songs.	Yes, I like small animals and animation. I also like listening to children's songs.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6] I need to study now. Bye.
The weather today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 25 ℃ and low 20 ℃.	It's cloudy with southwest wind today. The highest temperature will be 0℃, and the lowest temperature will be -12℃. It's a little cold. Please keep warm!
[2] Haha, it's suitable for eating Marinated Fish in such weather.	[2] You're welcome. On such a cold day, you can eat the Spicy Hot Pot (Little Water) to warm up.
Yes, it's a very popular hot dish.	Well, I think about it for you all the time.
[3] Then I recommend you to order Spicy Hot Pot (Little Water) at Country Love Dumpling Restaurant.	[3] Thanks! You can have it at Love In Special Roasted Fish Hot Pot (New Hualian Store). It's the specialty of this store. It tastes great!
It's 0 per person. The store is located at 4th floor of New Hualian Food Street, Huyuan 2nd Road, Jinzhou District. The score is 4.7. The address is on the fourth floor of the New Hualian Food Street, Central City. The score is 4.7.	Sure. It costs 38 yuan per person with a score of 3.9. It's located on the 4th floor of Xinhualian Shopping Center at the intersection of Beijing West Road and Tongda Street, Jinfeng District.
Sure, no problem.	OK, I'll let you know if there's any news.
All right. Bye!	All right. Bye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	Today is August 26, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is the birthday of the idol Bo Huang.	[2] You know what? Today is Bo Huang's birthday.
Yes, he won the Golden Phoenix Awards of China Film Society Of Performing Art Award.	You like Bo Huang? Well, you've got good taste. He has won the 19th Huading Award for Best Actor and many other awards. His acting skills are very good.
[3] Ha ha, have you seen his movie The Bare-Footed Kid? It's very good. The whole movie is fresh and fluent.	[3] Here's a movie for you called Mojin-The Lost Legend, which is starred by him. It's a great movie in China.
The director is Guo Chen.	It's Wuershan, who is kind of famous.
Yes, it's really worth watching.	Trust me, it won't let you down.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
Good morning.	Good morning. I'm on my way to school.
I've been very relaxed recently.	I've been under a lot of pressure from study recently.
My favorite movie is Impossible to Miss You.	It's L.O.R.D（Legend of Ravaging Dynasties).
It must be Leslie Cheung.	I like Mi Yang best.
Yes, she is a popular actress in China.	Yeah, she is a famous movie star. I like her very much.
She's really great.	Mm-hmm, she's an outstanding actress. I'll support her all the time.
Yes, I've seen it.	I've seen it. Are there any other movies?
How's the review?	Well, I haven't seen it. How's the score?
That's quite high. I'll see it when I have time.	Great! I'll see it.
[6] Well, I'm going to school. Talk later.	[6] Well, I'm going to study. Talk later.
Very good.	Just so so.
What happened? I didn't do well in the exam. I'm so sad.	Nothing else. My study has fallen behind recently.
Not really for movies at the moment.	But I don't want to talk about movies now.
Yes, I like her very much.	Yes, Na Xie is my favorite actress.
Yes, she is excellent. I like her very much.	Yes. Na Xie's shows often bring joy to people.
I don't want to listen to it now.	I've heard it. I'm not interested in this song.
The name sounds interesting.	I haven't heard this song. Is it good?
Okay. I'll listen to it when I'm free.	I'm very interested.
Yes, play it.	Sure.
[6] Thank you. I'm going to bed. Talk later.	[6] It's a good song. I have something else to do. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
I'm very happy today.	Good.
It's OK. I got paid.	I'm paid. So happy.
Lonely Shadow.	I like Time Boils The Rain best.
Yes, but I don't know. Do you like Kris Wu?	Yes, he's so handsome. Hahaha
Yeah, I really like him.	I have a good taste.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I'm not interested in this song. Change another one.
It sounds good.	Is it good?
I really want to listen to it.	That sounds good.
Yes, please.	Yes, go ahead.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'll talk to you next time. Bye.	[6] Call you later. Goodbye.
Today's weather is cloudy with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 18℃ and the minimum temperature will be 9℃.	Today is sunny with western winds. The high will be 21 ℃ and low 11 ℃.
[2] It's suitable for eating Marinated Fish in such weather.	[2] It's a good weather for eating Stewed noodles.
You can try it.	Yes, it's very good. You can eat it.
[3] If you want to eat Stewed noodles, you can go to Yufeiyu Fashion Hunan Cuisine. It's very good.	[3] I recommend you to go to Huqiandai Roasted Fish. It's very good.
Around 59 yuan.	59 yuan. Not bad.
No.270 Shushan New Road, Huqiandai District.	It at the opposite of No.3 senior high school Xingyang Kangtai Road.
It's 3.9.	Four points, very good.
OK, I'm on it.	I'll make a reservation for you right away.
Bye!	OK, I won't hold you up. Bye!
It's cloudy with northeast wind today, the highest temperature is 17℃, the lowest temperature is 10℃.	Today Haikou there will be a shower with variable winds. The high will be 30 ℃, and low 24 ℃.
[2] Hehe, such weather is suitable for eating Marinated Fish.	[2] Thank you! It's a good weather for eating Poached Spicy Slices of Pork.
Yeah, you'll feel warm after eating this hot dish.	You can try this hot dish.
[3] You can order Poached Spicy Slices of Pork at The Big Stuffing Dumpling Restaurant.	[3] You can order Poached Spicy Slices of Pork in Baidu Roasted Fish. It's the specialty.
47.0	It is 42 yuan.
It's on the sixth floor of Zhubang City Square, Qingnian Road, Kuancheng District.	Shop No.109, Hongguan Building, No.1 Pobo Road, Longhua District (Downstairs of Tianfu Chuanxiang Food Area)
The score is 4.3.	Four point one.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you.	Yes, I'll make an appointment for you in advance. Don't worry.
OK, see ya!	Yeah, bye!
It's sunny early and cloudy later. Northeast winds. The high will be 13 ℃, and low 5 ℃.	Today is sunny to shower. Southwest wind. The high will be 20 ℃, and the low 6 ℃. Remember to take umbrella.
[2] You're welcome. It's a perfect day to listen to Who's the Keyman. It's a song with profound and sincere lyrics and full of affection for Kris Wu.	[2] You're welcome. It's a good weather for eating Hand-Shredded Chicken.
Then you can eat it today.	The cold dish Hand-Shredded Chicken tastes good.
[3] Then I recommend you to order Hand-Shredded Chicken at Country Love Dumpling Restaurant. It tastes great.	[3] If you want to eat today, you can go to Tanxian Grilled Fish(Yunlu Central Store). It's delicious.
The per capita consumption is around 44 RMB.	51 yuan, not expensive.
No.26 Jinzhu West Road, Yunlu District (next to the intersection of Jinzhu West Road and Huishan Road).	Basement 1, Yunlu Central Food City, No. 262 Huanchengnan Road, Guandu District (next to the elevator entrance)
It's 3.9.	3.5
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	I'll make a reservation for you right away.
Bye!	Bye. Chat next time.
I'm very happy recently. I've been promoted.	Recently my learning is not very good. I can't understand what the teacher said. I feel tired to learn.
OK, I see. Thank you.	I'll adjust myself well. Hee hee
My name is Xiaoxiang Guo.	My name is Ming Sun.
Male.	I'm a boy.
I'm six years old.	I'm six years old.
I like small animals, watching animation and listening to children's songs.	I like to see animation, listen to children's songs, also like small animals.
[6] Hey hey. I'm getting home, bye!	[6] Hee hee, I'm going to bed. Call you later.
Good night.	Goodbye.
Pretty good. I did well in the exam.	I'm very happy, because I got paid.
OK, I'll save it for a rainy day.	Eat whatever you want! Buy whatever you want! As long as you're happy!
I like the movie named The Crescent.	Of course. Kung Fu Panda 3 is my favorite.
I like Aaron Kwok best.	I like Mi Yang best.
Yes, she is excellent. I like her very much.	My idol is so excellent.
Wow, she's really great.	Really amazing. I really like to see her movies.
I've seen it.	I'm not interested in this film.
Who is the director?	What kind of movie is it?
That's good. I'll see it when I have time.	I like comedies. I will see it when I'm free.
[6] Well, I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you later.	[6] I'm going to sleep. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
Mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 16 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	There may be light rain recently with northeast wind. The high will be 7 ℃ and the low 0 ℃. Remember to be warm.
[2] Hee hee, it's very suitable for eating Sautéed Sweet and Sour Pork Tenderloin in such weather.	[2] It's very nice to recall the classic song If It's Not Love in such weather. This song is full of the creator's thinking and confusion about love.
Yes, he sings very well.	Yeah, I guess you must be interested in this song.
[3] Do you want me to play this song for you now?	[3] May I play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	Listen carefully and start playing If It's Not Love.
OK, see ya!	Anytime, goodbye.
Today's weather is mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 18 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	Today Lhasa is sunny with southeast winds. The high will be 8 ℃, and low - 8 ℃. A little bit cold. Keep you warm.
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for listening to Heroes of Earth. It's also a classic in the hearts of Leehom Wang's fans.	[2] Hehe, I also know it's a good weather for eating Sautéed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce.
It's a delicious hot dish.	Yeah, it's very comfortable to eat the hot dish in this weather.
[3] If you want to eat, I recommend you to go to Wanzhou Roasted Fish, whose Sautéed Shredded Pork in Sweet Bean Sauce is very good.	[3] If you'd like to eat, you can go to Country Love Dumpling Restaurant. It's really delicious.
It's 65.	It'll cost 35 per person. Cheap.
It's located at No.198 Liuxiangnan Road, Xinshi District (next to the Dongting Lake).	The address is in the front street, No.96 Jinzhuxi Road, Chengguan District.
The score is 4.7.	The score is three.
OK, no problem.	OK, I'll make a reservation for you now. Have a nice meal!
Okay, goodbye.	Bye!
Leehom Wang is a Taurus.	His constellation is Taurus.
[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Leehom Wang, he is one of the 100 Outstanding Actors of Chinese Film.	[2] You're welcome. Hehas also won  the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Original Song.
He has also won the Most Popular Male Singer of MTV Asia Awards four times.	You have good taste. He has also won the Most Popular Male Singer of of MTV Asia Awards.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his Free Tutorial Video, which is a classic one in Chinese music.	[3] Would you like to listen to his Chinese Zodiac   ( Live )?It's very good. He made a catchy arrangement of the 12 Chinese zodiac. The cheerful melody and refreshing lyrics make this song very  popular.
You can listen to it.	So you should listen to it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] May I play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
You're welcome. I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
OK, see ya!	Talk next time, goodbye.
Today's weather is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 6 ℃ and low - 5 ℃.	Today Guiyang's mostly cloudy skies gives way to light rain. South winds. The high will be 20 ℃, and low 13 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for eating Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] You're welcome. It's a good weather for eating Marinated Fish. I recommend it to you.
The taste of grilled grouper is very good.	That's great. You'll feel warm after eating this hot dish.
[3] I recommend that you order Marinated Fish at Country Love Dumpling Restaurant. It's their speciality.	[3] Hehe, I recommend you to go to Cary's Sour Soup Beef and Clay Pot Roasted Fish. The marinated Fish tastes very good.
It's 32 yuan.	The price per capita is 35 yuan.
It's on the 4th floor of Zhubang City Square, Qingnian Road, Kuancheng District.	The address is s07-1-1-3, Stage I of Beida Resources Dream City, Guanshanhu District.
The score is 4.1.	A score of 3.6. it's OK.
Sure, no problem.	OK, I'll make a reservation for you.
Bye!	Ok, bye.
Today's weather is sunny with northwest winds. The high temperature will be 16 ℃ and the low will be 6 ℃.	Today is sunny early and cloudy later. Northeast winds. The high will be 28 ℃, and low 18 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. It's a good day to listen to Heroes of Earth. It's a great song.	[2] It's a good weather for eating Red-Cooked Pork.
You can try it today.	You have to eat it.
You are welcome.	My pleasure.
Bye!	Bye!
It's sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 24 ℃ and low 19 ℃.	Today Hengshui is cloudy to overcast with south wind. The high will be 13 ℃, and the low 4 ℃. It's a little cool. Keep warm.
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for listening to Who's the Keyman. This song is very good. It's also the theme song of the charity event Who's the Keyman.	[2] I'm flattered. It's a good weather for listening to Heroes of Earth. The fusion of Peking Opera and rap is cool.
It's Leehom Wang's song.	This song is sung by Leehom Wang.
[3] May I play it for you now?	[3] Hehe, may I play this song for you?
OK, it's playing for you.	Playing the song Heroes of Earth  for you.
Bye!	Have a good time, goodbye.
Very good.	Good evening. I'm not good recently. My study is getting worse.
Thank you for your encouragement. I will work harder and harder.	Well, thank you for your encouragement!
I like Project Eagle best.	My favorite movie is Project Eagle.
Jimmy Lin, of course.	My favorite is Jackie Chan.
Yes, he is also one of CNN's 25 Most Influential People in Asia.	I like him very much. Jackie Chan's movies are inspiring. I like it.
Yes, I like his movies very much.	Amazing. He's a real Hong Kong martial arts superstar.
I've seen this movie. Any other recommendations?	I don't want to see it now.
Who is the director?	What kind of movie is it?
It's my favorite type. I want to see it.	It's a very good type. I'd like to see it.
OK, thank you.	[6] Thank you for your recommendation. Talk to you next time.
Bye!	Goodbye.
Aaron Kwok's sign is Scorpio.	He's a Scorpio.
[2] You're welcome. Aaron Kwok is a superstar in Hong Kong.	[2] Do you like him very much? He won the Golden Horse Award for Best Actor.
He's really a great actor. He has won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.	He's also won RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards for the Most Popular Male Singer among Chinese. You really have a good taste.
[3] I'd like to recommend a song called Snake Dance. It's a great song. It's also the theme song of the movie Heroes 2.	[3] His acting is good. Would you like to see Somebody Up There Likes Me starring Aaron Kwok? It's a love movie, even one of Aaron Kwok's best work.
It's good.	The film has a good reputation.
It won't let you down.	OK, I'm sure you'll like it.
All right. Bye!	Talk to you next time, goodbye.
Not bad.	I just got a bonus. I'm in a good mood.
Thank you.	Thank you.
I like the movie named The Daytime Never Know The Darkness Of Night.	My favorite is Should've Loved You.
I like Aaron Kwok best.	I like Na Xie best.
Yes, she's very good.	Ha ha, I really like her hosting.
Na Xie is the Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Actress.	Yeah, I like her movies very much, too.
I've seen it. I'm not interested in it.	I've seen this movie. It's funny.
What kind of movie is it?	What kind of style it is?
I'll see it sometime.	I like comedy best. I'll see it when I'm free.
[6] Well, I'm going to bed. See you tomorrow.	[6]It's getting late. I'm going to rest.
Bye!	Bye!
Not bad.	Hi. Good. Today I was also paid, so happy!
Ha ha, thank you for your encouragement.	Of course, we should treat ourselves well.
I don't want to listen to music now.	But I don't want to listen to music now.
Yeah, I really like him. He's my idol.	I like him very much, and he is very tall.
Yeah, he's also an excellent singer.	Besides singing, his acting is also very good.
I'm not interested in this film.	I don't want to see this one now.
What's the score?	What kind of movie is it?
I'll see it when I have time.	Well, not bad. It's my favorite type. I'll see it.
[5] Well, I'll go to bed first, goodbye.	[5] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm almost home. Talk to you next time.
Bye!	Goodbye.
Hi, today is January 18, 2018.	Today is September 27, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Andy Lau's birthday.	[2] You're welcome. Today is also Andy Lau's birthday. He was born on September 27, 61.
Yes, he has won the Chinese Film Media Awards for Best Actor. He is excellent.	Ha ha,besides, he has also won the Best Actor of Golden Horse Awards  twice.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song named There Is a Place. It's a song about memories. It's very catchy.	[3] Then you can see the creative 1:99 Shorts starred by him. In the movie, there are many people  in the round windows. It's a bit shocking.
It's a feature film of Hong Kong.	Hong Kong, China.
It won't let you down.	It's worth seeing.
OK, goodbye.	Goodbye.
Good evening!	Hello.
I've made progress in my study recently.	I've been under too much pressure in my study recently.
Of course, I like Jackie Chan's Jackie Chan.	I prefer The Bullet Vanishes. It's a good movie.
I like Jackie Chan best.	I like Mi Yang best.
Yes, I like her very much.	Yes, she is very popular.
Yes, she's excellent.	She is really excellent.
I've seen it.	I just saw it yesterday.
I'm dying to see it.	It's nice to hear the name. Who are the stars?
I'll definitely see it if I have time.	I'll see it when I'm free.
[6] OK, I'm going to eat. Let's talk later.	[6] Well, I'm at school. Talk to you next time.
Bye!	Bye!
He's 180cm.	Xiaoming Huang is 180cm tall.
[2] Thank you. Xiaoming Huang is an all-round actor. Do you like him?	[2] Haha, by the way, Xiaoming Huang was born in Qingdao, Shandong. Do you like Xiaoming Huang?
He has won the Best Actor of the 12th China Changchun Film Festival. He is a very excellent actor.	He is indeed an excellent actor and won the 29th Golden Rooster Award for Best Actor.
[3] I'd like to recommend a movie for you. It's called The Lost Legend.	[3] You can see IP MAN 2 starred by him. The film adds simple elements and humorous color with family as the center, showing the truth in the ordinary, and also showing the sincerity of the director. It's worth seeing.
[4] OK, I recommend you to watch the movie named Reset, which is starred by Mi Yang. It's a very good movie.	[4] You can also see Mi Yang's Reset. The movie tells us to cherish the people around us. Maybe they are the most important.
It's good.	Not bad.
OK, I hope you'll like it.	Ok, Ok.
Bye!	Goodbye!
Good morning.	Good morning!
Not bad. I just got paid.	Very good. I did well in the exam. The teacher praised me.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Shuaiyu Cai.
I'm a boy.	I'm a man.
I'm 26.	I'm six years old.
I like watching anime and listening to children's songs.	I like small animals, watching animation and listening to children's songs.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6]  I have to go to school. Talk later.
It's July 10, 2018.	Hello, it's August 29th, 2018.
[2] Hee hee, today is Nicholas Tse's birthday!	[2] Hey, hey, by the way, today is Nicholas Tse's birthday.
He is also the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony in 2015.	Yes, his acting is very good, and he has won the Best Supporting Actor Award of Chinese Film Media Awards.
[3] Do you want to watch his movie named The Viral Factor? It's very nice.	[3] Well, I recommend that you see The Viral Factor his starring in. The picture is very sharp, and the splicing is relatively lively.
[4] Then you can see her "C" in the movie "Flamenco" starred by Nicholas Tse. It's a great movie.	[4] I have a disaster movie about love, Twelve Nights starring Cecilia Cheung here. I recommend it to you. I hope you can enjoy this movie.
Yes, the director of the film is Chucheng Ma.	The director of the film is Oi Wah Lam.
I'm sure you'll like it.	It will bring you a visual feast.
Bye!	Bye!
It's sunny with southwest winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 5 ℃.	Hi，today  Shanghai is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 19 ℃, and low 12 ℃.
[2] This kind of weather is suitable for listening to Who's the Keyman. The song is full of the creator's thinking about "everything is in time".	[2] It's a good weather for Duck Blooding Chili Sauce.
Duck blood Tripe is the essence of this dish.	There are duck blood and tripe, which are very delicious.
[3] If you want to eat Duck Blooding Chili Sauce, you can go to the Yuweitang Flavour Sichuan Cuisine. Their Duck Blooding Chili Sauce is very good.	You are sure you'll like this dish.
Bye!	Yeah, bye!
Not bad.	I've had a good time recently.
Yes, I have.	I'm going to eat.
My favorite song is Silence is Gold.	It has to be  Sleepless Night.
I don't want to listen to music now.	Yeah, I'm a fan of Leslie Cheung. He is an original singer that I admire very much.
That's why he is so popular.	Ha ha, of course. That's why he's called a super star.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I've heard it.
This one is worth listening.	Look at the name, it should be a very sad song.
I'll listen to it.	I'm curious about it.
Yes, please.	Yes.
It's really a beautiful song.	The melody is pretty good.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
It's 12 o'clock at noon.	Hello, it's 7:00 am.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, today is cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 19 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	[2] You're welcome. Today's sunny to cloudy today.Southerly. The high will be 22 ℃ and the low 11 ℃. Pay attention to the temperature change.
Hee hee, OK.	OK, any questions? I'm ready to answer for you.
Yeah, bye!	OK, see ya!
She's a Virgo.	He's a Virgo.
[2] You're welcome. Bingbing Fan is a star with a straightforward personality. However, she has also won the Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.	[2] I also know that Bingbing Fan won the Hundred Flowers Awards for Best Actree and  the Best Producer of Chinese TV series of Huading Awards.
She is a member of the jury of Cannes International Film Festival, and her acting is very good.	Yes, she is a good actress who can interpret coquettishness, charm and loveliness!
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend a movie of her starred in. It's called  The Bare-Footed Kid.	[3] Hehe, since you like her very much, I recommend New Shaolin Temple for you. Bingbing Fan also acts in it. The martial arts effect is very good.
The director is Xiaogang Feng.	The director is Benny Chan.
You're going to love it.	I wish you like it.
Bye!	See ya!
He's Capricorn.	Of course, Jay Chou is a Capricorn.
[2] Jay Chou is a Capricorn, of course I know him.	[2] Speaking of Jay Chou, he's an Asian superstar.
Yes, he has won the Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards, and the Most Popular Male Singer of MTV Asian Music Awards.	Jay Chou, the Most Popular Male Singer in the Singapore Hit Awards for four times,the box office bulletin board of Sydney concert in 2009 ranked second in the world, and was selected as the CNN's 25 Most Influential People in Asia.
[3] I recommend his song Chinese Soul to you. Jay Chou combines the Eastern and Western elements, and integrates rap with Chinese traditional culture. It's a very good song.	[3] I recommend you to the song Free Tutorial Video sung by Jay Chou. It's fun to laugh at the beginning.
Not bad.	Just listen to it
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] May I play Free Tutorial Video now?
OK, playing for you.	Playing for you, please enjoy.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Good morning.	Hello, friend.
It's easy.	The recent work is boring
But I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music right now.
I like him very much.	Yes, he's so handsome. He's a national boyfriend!
Yeah, he's handsome in the show business.	Yes, there are so many fans.
I've seen it.	I'm not interested in this movie
Who is the director?	What kind of movie is it?
How about reputation?	Yeah, I'll see it.
Bye!	Mmm, goodbye!
Xun Zhou is from Shandong Province, China.	She's from Quzhou, Zhejiang, China.
[2] I also know that she is the Best Actress of Hong Kong Film Awards.	[2] Speaking of Xun Zhou, she is not only the Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress, but also the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actress.
Yes, she has also won the Best Actress of Houston International Film Festival and the Best Actress of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	Yes, besides, she's also the Best Actress of the Asian Film Awards.
[3] Well, you can go to see her movie "Heroes of Earth". It's very good.	[3] Yes, I recommend her Perhaps Love to you. It's a love story mixed with nostalgia and sentimentality. The director narrates the story with ups and downs in a relatively closed structure.
It's Xiaogang Feng.	It's Peter Chan.
Yeah, he's very famous.	Yeah, I'm sure you'll like the movie.
All right. Bye!	All right. Bye.
Good morning.	Hi.
On my way to school.	Ready to go to work.
I like watching movies best.	My favorite movie is 1:99 Shorts.
I like Bo Huang best.	That must be Aaron Kwok.
Yes, he is excellent.	Yes, hehe, he's super handsome.
Uh huh, that's great.	Well, his hard work and working attitud set a good example for new actors!
I've seen it.	I've watched this movie already.
Who is the director?	What kind of movie is it?
Then I'll watch it when I have time.	It's my type. I want to see it.
[6] OK, I'm going to work. Bye.	[6] OK, I'm going to work. Talk later.
Today's weather is cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 3 ℃.	Today is light rain with northeast wind, the highest temperature is 10 ℃, the lowest temperature is 4 ℃.
[2] Such weather is suitable for eating poached spicy slices of pork.	[2] You're welcome. In fact, this kind of weather is suitable for listening to Lingering Memory of Past Love. It's a classic theme song of love movie. Do you want to see it?
It's Jacky Cheung.	It's Jacky Cheung.
[3] Would you like to play it for you now?	[3] What a coincidence. Do you want to play it for you?
It's playing for you.	Lingering Memory of Past Love is playing for you.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Playing now.	OK, If It's Not Love is playing for you.
[2] Do you want to listen to the song Time Boils The Rain sung by Kris Wu? It's a great song. It was originally the theme song of an episode of the TV series Don't Love Me.	[2] My pleasure. Jacky Cheung's Kiss Goodbye is very popular with the audience. It's also a great song. I recommend it to you.
Then you can listen to Need Some Company, which is the theme song of charity event Need Some Company.	So Close So Far is a favorite song for many people, and its quiet and elegant style exudes a strong artistic style. You will be interested in it.
It's very good. You can listen to it.	It's very nice.
[3] Do you want me to play this song for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play this song for you now?
OK, I'm playing Kiss Goodbye for you.	It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
OK, I won't disturb you, goodbye.	All right. Bye!
Today is April 28, 2018.	Today's date is May 17, 2018.
[2] Today is Leehom Wang's birthday. He was born on May 17, 1976.	[2] You know, today is Leehom Wang's birthday.
Leehom Wang is the Most Popular Male Singer of Taiwan Golden Melody Awards for three times. He has won the Golden Melody Award for Best Mandarin Male Singer twice.	Well, he's also the Most Popular Male Singer in Canada, the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart, and the Favourite Artist Taiwan at the MTV Asia Awards.
[3] I'd like to recommend Leehom Wang's A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream to you. Leehom Wang's performance in this song is very impressive.	[3] I'd like to recommend a piece of music Bridge of Faith, which sounds very nice as an end song.
You can listen to it. It's very nice.	Yes, it's worth listening to.
[4] Do you need me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
OK, see ya!	See ya!
It's Jacky Cheung	Of course I know. The lead singer of this song is Jiong He!
[2] Speaking of Jiong He, he's a popular host in China and the Most Popular TV Host of China Student Television Festival!	[2] Hehe, I also know that Mr. Jiong He is famous for his baby face in the entertainment industry and he's a great talent.
Yes, you have a good taste. He has won the Best Entertainment Show Host of New Weekly.	Well, he has also won the  25th Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host. his hosting is impeccable.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend his song The Crescent to you. It's a very beautiful song. The melody and lyrics integrate the eastern and western music styles, so as to better integrate rap music with Chinese traditional culture.	[3] He's amazing. You like him so much. His Heartburn is recommended to you. It sounds very good.
Yeah, you'll love it.	It's a quartet. After that show, this song became popular!
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you have time to listen now? I can play it for you.
Well, Heartburn is playing for you.	OK, I'm on it.
Bye!	All right, goodbye!
Today's weather is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be - 4 ℃, and low - 14 ℃.	Today is a sunny day with south wind. The maximum temperature is 7 ℃ and the minimum temperature is - 5 ℃. It's very cold. Keep warm.
[2] This kind of weather is suitable for eating Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] This weather is especially suitable for eating peanuts and spinach.
Yeah, spinach is very nutritious.	Yes, this cold dish is very delicious.
[3] I recommend you to order peanuts and spinach at King Chef Sichuan Cuisine.	You can try it when you have time.
Bye!	See ya!
It's 10 p.m.	Hello, it's December 3, 2018, at 20:00 p.m.
[2] Today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 5 ℃.	[2] By the way, from night today to day tomorrow, Hefei is moderate rain to light rain with northwest wind, maximum temperature is 14 ℃, minimum temperature is 9 ℃, remember to take umbrella when you go out.
You're welcome.	That's my duty.
Bye!	Let's talk when we have time. Bye~
Not bad.	It's easy to study recently.
Well, I will.	Well, sometimes I listen to music and watch movies when I'm bored.
Not really for movies at the moment.	Not really for movie at the moment
I like her very much.	Na Xie is jokingly called as a tough girl in the entertainment industry. She's really funny. I like her very much, too.
I really like her hosting style.	Haha. Yep.
I'm not interested in this song.	I've listened to it. Any other suggestions?
Yes.	I haven't heard it.
Well, the name sounds interesting.	I'm looking forward to hearing it!
Sure.	Okay.
[6] It's really nice. I'm going to study. Talk to you next time.	It's really interesting. Hahaha, this song is more exciting! Thank you for your recommendation.
OK, I'm looking forward to it. Bye.	See ya!
Not bad. It's easy to study.	Good afternoon. Recently, my study has regressed. I'm very sad.
Well, I will.	Well, I will.
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	My name is Xinxiang Yu.
Yes.	Yeah, I'm a boy.
I'm eight years old.	I'm 8 years old.
I like animals, anime and nursery rhymes.	I like small animals, but also like to watch animation.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6] Yes, talk later. I'm going to study.
Good afternoon.	Good afternoon!
I'm very happy recently. I've been promoted.	Not very good. I'm too tired to take care of my grandchildren.
I like Super Player best.	OK, my favorite movie is Super Player.
I like Bingbing Fan best.	It's Na Xie.
Yes, she is a popular host in China.	And also a good girl with a straightforward personality.
She's really good at hosting.	I really like her so much.
I've seen this movie. Do you have any other recommendations?	I'm not interested in this movie.
What kind of movie is it?	Who is the director?
How do people say about it?	What kind of style it is?
OK, I'll watch it when I have time.	Then I'll see it later.
See ya!	See ya!
Jim Lin is 172cm tall.	He's 172cm.
[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Jimmy Lin, he is the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony.	[2] Hee hee, he has been elected the top ten most popular idols in Taiwan three times. I'm sure I'm impressed by him.
And he has also won the 15th Huading Award for Best Actor.	His fans have a good taste! I have seen his personal mental journey, which is very admirable!
[3] The song Where Are You Now sung by him can be seen as a documentary. I recommend it to you.	[3] Yes, let me recommend you his movie, Shaolin Popey, it's the memory of childhood.
7.6, pretty good.	It's 7.1.
OK, I hope you like it.	Great!
Okay, goodbye.	OK, I won't bother you, goodbye!
It's playing for you.	It's playing.
[2] Thank you for your praise. I'd like to recommend you another song All the Things You Never Knew, which is a song full of strong classical flavor.	[2] You're welcome! Leslie Cheung's Begone Love is the most unforgettable of his many songs.
Do you like him? He has also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Original Song.	Then listen to Run Toward the Future! Very nice! It's the theme song of the movie A Better Tomorrow II.
You'll love it.	Yes, it will give you a fresh feeling!
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Play it for you now?
It's playing.	Copy that. It's playing.
OK, see ya!	Mm-hmm, go ahead, goodbye!
Today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 5 ℃.	Hello, Guiyang is sunny today with southeast wind, the highest temperature is 17℃, the lowest temperature is 5℃, the temperature difference is large, beware of catching cold.
[2] You're welcome. It's a perfect day to have Duck Blooding Chili Sauce.	[2] You're welcome. Today's weather is very suitable for eating spice crawfish.
Crawfish is very nutritious.	Ha ha, I'm the roundworm in your stomach.
OK, I believe you will like this hot dish.	I'm sure this dish won't let you down.
Bye!	Bye!
It's 8 p.m.	Hello, today is Monday, 8:00 a.m, December 17, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, today is mostly cloudy with southeast winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low - 4 ℃.	[2] You are welcome, by the way,  Wuxi is sunny today with northwest wind, maximum temperature is 12℃, minimum temperature is 2℃, keep warm when you go out.
It what I should do.	That's my duty.
Bye!	Okay, goodbye.
Today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 25 ℃ and low 20 ℃.	Well, it's overcast to cloudy with north wind, maximum temperature is 16℃, minimum temperature is 11℃.
[2] You're welcome. It's suitable to listen to the song There Is a Place during the lunch break. The lyrics is classical and beautiful, and the melody is catchy.	[2] This kind of weather is more suitable for eating Stir-Fried Venerupis.
Yes, it's very nutritious.	Yes, stir fry the fresh venerupis. It smells delicious.
[3] If you want to eat, you can order Stir-Fried Venerupis at Yulebaichuan Restaurant.	[3] Chongqing Fisherman Hot Pot cooks Stir-Fried Venerupis very well. You can try it.
It's 32 yuan.	It's about 33 per person.
It's at No.18 Zhongshan Road, Qingnian Road, Kuancheng District.	No.3 Hengke Huafu, Yifeng Road, De'an County
It's 3.9.	It's five.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you.	OK, I have made a reservation for you.
See ya!	OK, see ya!
It's Cecilia Cheung.	It's Xun Zhou
[2] Thank you. I also know that Xun Zhou has won the Best Actress of the Golden Horse Award.	[2] It's OK. In addition, Xun Zhou has won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actress. She's a very good actress.
She has also won the China Film Director's Guild Awards for Best Actress.	And she also won the China Film Director's Guild Awards for Best Actress, which is also an affirmation of her achievements.
[3] I'd like to recommend you a movie called The Beast in Cold Blood Warm Heart, which is an excellent domestic film.	[3] Yes, I recommend her film The Message. It's very good and it's also called the benchmark for domestic movies. You can see it.
[4] Then you can see Rene Liu's The Bare-Footed Kid. It's a very funny film, which is worth seeing.	[4] Well, I recommend a movie Murmur of Youth starred by Rene Liu. It's really good. Rene Liu has a unique temperament in the movie.
The director is Wanting Zhang.	The director is Cheng-sheng Lin.
It's really worth seeing.	It's really a very good film. It's worth seeing.
All right. Bye!	All right. Bye.
I'm in a good mood. I did well in the exam.	Good afternoon. I feel bored at work recently. I have nothing to do.
Yes, I'll keep working hard.	It's so comfortable.
I like the song Heroes of Earth very much.	Listening to music is a good choice. My favorite song is You are the Most Precious.
Yes, I like him very much.	Yes, I like him very much.
Yes, I really like his songs.	Yes, I like his songs very much.
I've heard this song before. Change it.	No, I thought I was tired of listening to this song before.
Sounds good.	Well, the name of this song is very artistic. I haven't heard it.
I'm dying to hear the song.	Then I think it must be a very good song!
OK,  play it.	Sure.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm at the company. I'll talk to you later.	I've heard it. It's really a good song.
All right. Bye!	Oh, I forgot if you didn't say it. Thank you, goodbye!
Yes, Leslie Cheung is type O.	Leslie Cheung is type O blood.
[2] Thank you. Leslie Cheung is one of the 100 Outstanding Actors of Chinese Film Century.	[2] Thank you for your praise. He's the king of music.
He also won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Original Film Song.	Mm-hmm. he also won the Golden Needle Award, the highest honor in Hong Kong music circle
[3] Ha ha, I recommend you to listen to his song Blamefully Beautiful. Leslie Cheung's face in the MV is so beautiful.	[3] Yes, his song A Chinese Ghost Story is also a very good song. Zhan Huang's song gives full play to the characteristics of classical style. There are streams in the woods, harps and pipes on the floor, and Leslie Cheung's singing is also appropriate. It can be said that it boosts melodious melody and meaningful lyrics.
Yes, it's very popular.	A lot of people are listening.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want to play it for you now?
There you go.	It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
See ya!	See ya!
Her birthday is September 16th.	Her birthday is September 16.
[2] You're welcome. Bingbing Fan is a popular actress in China.	[2] You're welcome. Bingbing Fan is a famous actress.
She also won the Best Actress of Houston International Film Festival.	She's really smart. Otherwise, how can she be a beauty who does well  both in the financial and entertainment circles.
[3] Well, I'd like to recommend a movie called Unforgetable, which is starred by Bingbing Fan. It's a typical comedy. In the movie, Bingbing Fan plays the role of the goddess.	[3] I can see that you like her very much. I recommend her Chongqing Blues, which is a thorough literature and art film. The use of pictures is more than lines, and there is not a word of nonsense. Counter shooting and shaking the lens become the important means for the whole film to express the plot. Instead of lyrics, the lens reduces the role of the screenwriter, and plays an important role in the film. And it adds the two generations of father and son who are incompatible in all aspects, so that people have enough reflection about today's children's education and the mental health of children in the growth stage.
Yes, it's a very classic one.	It's feature and crime film.
I believe it won't let you down.	I hope you like it.
Bye!	OK, talk to you next time, goodbye.
Good morning.	Good morning.
I'm very happy. I've been promoted recently.	Retirement is very enjoyable.
I don't want to listen to music right now.	I don't want to listen to music now.
Yeah, he's really good.	Yeah, I like his songs best.
Yeah, I really adore him.	I only know that he sings well, but I haven't seen his movies yet.
I've seen it.	I've seen the film and don't want to see it now.
Who is the director?	Who is the director of the film?
How do people say about it?	I'll see it later.
[5] OK, I'm going to have dinner. Talk to you later.	[5] I'm going to do morning exercises now. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
I'm very good recently, and my study is also very easy.	Hello, I'm loneliness. It's boring at night now.
Well, I like to watch the news of Jiong He.	Well, I usually go to the movies.
I like the movie named The Order of Stick of Faith.	My favorite movie is A Fairy Tale in Beijing.
Hsu Chi, of course.	My favorite movie is Mi Yang.
She's my idol. I like her very much.	Yeah, she's beautiful. I like her so much.
Yes, she is also a member of the jury of Cannes International Film Festival.	Yes, she's not only beautiful, but also very good at acting. I like watching her movies very much.
I've seen this one. I don't want to see it now.	I've seen the film and I don't want to see it now.
What kind of movie is it?	What's the score of the film?
OK, I'll see it when I have time.	That sounds great. I'll see it when I'm free.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
172cm.	The height of Jimmy Lin is 172cm!
[2] Jim Lin is a popular idol in the entertainment circle.	[2] You know? He was Young Leader of China in 2014.
He is also the Best Charity Star of 2008.	Do you like to see the movies played by Jimmy Lin? He acts well. He's all-round development, also won the All-round Artist of 2013 China TV Drama Awards.
[3] Have you seen his movies? I'd like to recommend one of his movies to you, Brother. It's a very good movie in the form of a documentary.	[3] I'd like to recommend a movie Brother for you. It's a big challenge for Jimmy Lin, always a good boy, to play the killer, a silent, tortured, complex character.
The director of the film is Kevin Chu.	The director of the film is Helong Lin.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I wish you a happy time.
Bye!	Bye!
OK, it's playing for you.	Playing now.
[2] I'd like to recommend another song of Leehom Wang. His All the Things You Never Knew is very good.	[2] Well, I'd like to recommend another song of Leehom Wang, Big City, Small Love. It's a adagio love song. Leehom Wang plays it freely, which is worth listening to.
Yes. I recommend Leehom Wang's Need Some Company to you. It's a lyric song. Leehom Wang plays it freely.	Yes, I'll recommend another song Crying Palms. Netizens said that they fell in love with it the first time they listened to it, and started the single cycle. Ha ha.
Leehom Wang.	It's all sung by Leehom Wang.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Can I play the song Crying Palms for you now?
There you go.	OK, I'll play it for you now.
You are welcome.	That's all right.
Goodbye.	Goodbye.
Very good. I've made progress in my study.	Just OK. A little stressful.
OK, I see.	It's time to make a good adjustment.
My name is Qizhen Ji.	My name is Mingzheng Li.
You are so smart.	You are very clever.
I'm 27 years old.	I'm 17 this year.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	I usually like to see movies, news and so on.
[6] OK, I'm going to have a rest. I'll talk to you later.	[6] Yeah, forget it. I'll go to study. Talk next time.
Bye!	See ya!
Today is January 18, 2018.	Today is August 29th, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is Nicholas Tse's birthday.	[2] Haha, thanks for your praise. Today is Nicholas Tse's birthday.
Really? You have a good taste. He has won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.	You have a good taste. He has won the Chinese Film Media Awards for Best Supporting Actor.
[3] Well, I'd like to recommend a movie, The Bare-Footed Kid, starred by Nicholas Tse, which is very good.	[3] You like him so much. I recommend you to see his movie The Viral Factor. The picture is very sharp and the cutting is more lively.
[4] Then I recommend you to see Cecilia Cheung's movie, Cecilia Cheung is a great actress. I hope you like it.	[4] Then you can watch the movie Failan. Cecilia Cheung's performance is really surprised.
Cecilia Cheung and Eason Chan.	Also Choi Min-sik.
It won't let you down.	OK, you'll like it
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Today is cloudy with northwest wind, the highest temperature is 20 ℃, the lowest temperature is 14 ℃.	It's a bit cold today. I suggest you wear more clothes when you go out. The high will be - 6℃ and the low - 6℃. Sunny and northerly.
[2] I'm flattered. It's a good day to eat Marinated Fish.	[2] You know? It's a good weather for Spicy Hot Pot (Little Water)!
Yes, it's very nutritious.	This hot dish is rich in nutrition.
I'm sure you'll like it.	It won't let you down.
All right. Bye!	See ya!
I'm very good recently, and work is easy.	I'm very happy. The bonus is paid
Yes, of course	Yes. I like making friends best.
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	My name is Xinbin Liu.
You are very clever.	Of course, I'm a man
I'm 55	I'm 28 years old.
I like following stars, watching movies and news	I usually like to see star information and listen to music.
[6] Yes, I have something else to do.Goodbye.	[6] I'm home. Talk another day.
Bye!	Bye!
He's type O.	Leslie Cheung's blood type is o
[2] You're welcome. Leslie Cheung is a famous singer. You have a good taste.	[2] I'm flattered. Speaking of Leslie Cheung, he is the Most Popular Male Singer in Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.
Yes, Leslie Cheung is also the Most Popular Male Singer in Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.	And he also won the Best Original Song Award of Golden Horse Awards.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his Rain. It's a song full of strong classical flavor.	[3] You can listen to his very affectionate song Blamefully Beautiful. No matter how good the singing skills and perfect the voice line are, it's not worth such a dedicated voice.
Yes, it is. I believe you will like it.	It's a song worth listening to.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] May I play Blamefully Beautiful for you now?
Playing Blamefully Beautiful for you.	Playing Blamefully Beautiful for you.
I'm glad you like it.	Hey, hey, I'm glad you like it.
OK, Goodbye.	OK, goodbye.
Today is May 17, 2018.	Today is October 26, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Xun Zhou's birthday.	[2] It's still Aaron Kwok's birthday.
You have a good taste. He has won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor.	He is also an international superstar and won the Best Actor of the Changchun International Film Festival.
[3] I recommend you to see his Lost in Thailand. It's a good documentary.	[3] Let me recommend a movie starring him. How about Port of Call? There is a classic section in the movie which is when Zhi Bai reveals the criminal process. That section is really a highlight of the movie. Great.
It's a feature film.	The film is a crime suspect.
It won't let you down.	It won't let you down.
Bye!	Okay, bye.
Good evening. I'm on my way home.	Oh, don't mention it. Of course, I'm busy studying. The heavy schoolwork puts me under great pressure.
OK, I see. Thank you for your concern.	Mm-hmm, I see. Thank you for your concern.
Sorry, I don't want to talk about movies for the moment.	But I don't want to talk about movies now.
Yes, I like him very much.	Hee hee, I like him very much! And he is a Hong Kong male singer who won the most awards in the Guinness world record!
Yes, he is excellent. I admire him more and more.	Right!
Yes, of course I do.	I must like it. His voice is very recognizable.
I'm not interested in this song.	No, I'm not interested in this song.
Sounds good.	This name sounds good. I don't know if it sounds catchy?
Well, I'll listen to it when I have time.	Hee hee, it's good to hear that. I'm looking forward to listening to it!
Yes, play it now.	OK, you play it to me!
It's really a beautiful song.	[6] Hehe, I'm listening to it. Thank you. I'm going to study for a while. Talk to you when I have time.
Bye!	Bye!
OK, playing now.	OK, that's for you.
[2] Do you like Kris Wu? He's a handsome, handsome boy. Do you like him?	[2] Another song Love Now is also very nice. It's a rare duet song in Jiong He's works.
Then what about November Rain? It's the theme song of the TV series Don't Love Me.	What about Wonderful Happiness or the episode of Don't Love Me?
Of course. It's a very popular song.	Yes. A lot of people like it. It's pretty good!
[3] Do you want me to play it for you?	[3] Can I play it for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, it's playing for you.
OK, see ya!	OK, bye!
Good afternoon!	Hello.
I'm very happy recently. I've been promoted.	There may be a change of position and a promotion.
I like A World Without Thieves best.	I like A World Without Thieves best.
I like Jackie Chan best.	Hey, hey, Andy Lau, of course.
Of course, I like him very much.	Andy's hard work is worthy of being imitated by people in the entertainment circle. He is an immortal legend!
His movies are really good.	Huazai is an actor who succeeds completely through hard work.
I've seen this one. Change it.	I've seen this movie. Anything else?
Who is the director?	Well, what's the reputation of this film?
OK, I'll see it when I have time.	You can watch it.
[6] Well, I'm going to have dinner. Talk to you later.	[6] All right, let's end talking, goodbye.
Bye!	Uh huh.
Good evening.	Good evening.
Not bad. I got promoted.	Ah, I failed in the recent exam. I can't figure it out.
I like Golden Armor best.	I like Bosom Friend best.
Yes, Leehom Wang is my favorite singer.	You're right! My favorite is Leehom.
Yeah, he's a good singer.	Yes, yes, he's really the king of strength.
I'm not interested in this song.	I've listened to this for many times. I don't want to listen to it now.
What's the score of this song?	The title of this song seems very casual. How is it?
OK, I'll listen to it when I have time.	I want to listen to it hearing your recommendation.
Yes, please.	Let's play it.
Ha ha, thank you for your recommendation.	It's really not a simple song. I have collected it. Thank you.
See ya!	Bye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	Today is November 6th, 2018
[2] Today is also Kris Wu's birthday, do you know that?	[2] You know, today is also Kris Wu's birthday.
He has won the Best Newcomer Award at the 3rd London International Chinese Film Festival.	Of course, I also know that Kris Wu is a "hot young star", a Korean male star, a very smart person, and won the Best New Actor Award of the 3rd London International Chinese Film Festival.
[3] It seems that you like him very much. I recommend you a song called Self Directed Act. It's a very positive song.	[3] I recommend you to listen to his song Deserve. Kris has a sexy voice. He's very good.
It's very good. I believe you will like it.	It's a good song. Just listen to it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?
OK, playing for you.	It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
Hello!	Good evening.
It's easy.	It's very good and I have made progress.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Lijia Sun.
I'm a little brother.	Of course I'm a little sister.
I'm six years old.	I'm only 17.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	I like following news of stars and listening to songs.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Yes, it's late. I'll go to bed and talk to you next time.
Bye!	Bye!
Hi.	Hi.
I've made progress in my study recently.	It's not so good. I have regressed.
I like the movie named Glass-like Love.	I like Nana's War best.
It must be Leslie Cheung.	Na Xie.
Yes, I like her very much.	You know, Nana is really great.
Yes, her hosting style is very unique.	I like her hosting best.
I've seen it.	I'm not interested in this movie.
Who is the director of this movie?	Who else is the star of this movie?
I really want to see it when I have time.	Then I have to see it.
OK, see ya!	See ya!
Good morning.	Good morning!
It's boring.	The work pressure is very heavy recently!
My name is Pinglu Liu.	My name is Lixiang Guo.
Yes, you're smart.	I am a man.
I'm over 50 this year.	I'm 40. As the saying goes, I stand at 40!
I like following stars and watching movies.	Ha ha, I like following news of stars and watching movies!
[6] OK, I'm going to work. Talk later.	[6] OK, thank you for your reminding. I will pay attention to it! I'll go to work first. I'll talk to you another day!
Goodbye!	Goodbye!
He is from Qingdao, Shandong Province.	He was born in Qingdao, Shandong Province.
[2] You're welcome. I also know that Bo Huang is a popular actress in China.	[2] I also know Bo Huang. He has won the China Film Director's Guild Awards for Best Actor.
And he is also a model worker in the entertainment industry.	Yes, he also won the Best Actor of Chinese Film of Huading Awards and the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Supporting Actor.
[3] Ha ha, he is not only good at acting, but also singing. You can listen to Bo Huang's song There Is a Place. It's a song about memories.	[3] Yes, by the way, I'd like to recommend one of his movies, Hooked on You. Although it only starts from a small fish market, the changes in Hong Kong and people over the past ten years are enough to constitute a major play to welcome the 10th anniversary of Hong Kong's return to China.
It's a drama movie.	This is a comedy movie.
Well, I'm sure you'll like it.	Mm-hmm. Hope you like it.
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
Today is light rain with northeast winds. The high will be 18 ℃, and low 8 ℃.	Ganzhou is light rain today, no continuous wind direction, highest temperature is 20℃, lowest temperature is 16℃
[2] You're welcome. It's pleasant to listen to The 18 Martial Arts in such weather. It's a very rhythmic song with diversified styles.	[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable to eat Sliced Fish in Hot Chili Oil.
The taste of grilled grouper is very good.	It's nutritious and you won't gain weight.
Thank you for that.	Thank you very much.
Bye!	Slow down on the road, goodbye.
Today is October 18, 2018.	Today is January 18, 2018.
[2] You know what? Today is Jay Chou's birthday.	[2] You know, it's Jay Chou's birthday, too.
He is an all-around artist, who has won the Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.	You have a good vision. Jay Chou is the most popular artist in MTV Asian Awards.
[3] I'd like to recommend you his song Rain. It's worth listening to. It's very catchy.	[3] I'd like to recommend you a song Rain sung by Jay Chou. It's not bad. All of a sudden, goose bumps appear after listening to this song.
You can listen to it. It's very catchy.	Then you can try it. I'm sure that you will cycle after listening to it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Play Rain for you now?
Playing Rain for you.	Playing Rain for you.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Good morning. I'm on my way home.	Busy of taking care of grandchildren.
I can [REC_END] [MOVIE_ID] [MOVIE_ID] [MOVIE_ID] [MOVIE_ID] [REC]  my grandson.	I'm tired, too.
My name is Jiaofei Zhang.	Yes, my name is Xinwen He.
Yes, you're smart.	You're right.
52.0	62.0
I like watching movies.	Watch the news.
[6] OK, I'm going to have dinner. Talk later.	[6] OK, I'm going to take care of my grandson. I'll talk to you another day.
Bye!	Bye!
It's Nicholas Tse.	It's Na Xie.
[2] Thank you. I also know that Na Xie is the Best Actress of the Chinese Film Media Award.	[2] Hehe, thank you. Na Xie is a variety goddess.
She is also a popular variety show hostress in mainland China.	Did you know that she won the Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host of China TV?
[3] You're welcome. Then I recommend you to see her TV drama The Bare-Footed Kid. It's a good movie.	[3] Wow, it seems that I have to recommend one of her movies, that is Happy Camp: Bring Happiness Home. You can find the feeling of Happy Camp in the movie!
The director is Yongchang Luo.	The director is Huayang Fu!
You're going to love it.	Well, you must watch it when you have time.
OK, bye!	OK, I won't disturb you. Good night.
Good evening.	Good evening.
Pretty good. I got a good score.	Good. I got a promotion.
My name is Yuzhen Hu.	My name is Lingjun Ji.
I'm a girl.	I must be a girl by my name.
I'm 22 years old.	I'm eighteen years old.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	I like watching movies.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
Today is October 18, 2018.	Good afternoon. Today is May 24, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is Cecilia Cheung's birthday.	[2] You're welcome. It's Cecilia Cheung's birthday!
Well, she won the Best Actress of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	No problem. She has won Chinese Film Media Awards for Best Actress, Hong Kong Film Award for Best Original Film Song, tHong Kong Film Award for Best Actress, aHong Kong Film Award for Best  New Actress.
[3] I'd like to recommend her song One Dream (Live). Cecilia Cheung sings with high international recognition and is not only popular, but also has a happy life. It's very good.	[3] You have great vision. Cecilia Cheung's movies are very good. The movie Star Wish is very good. The song Star Wish in it is also very good. You can watch it
It's a love movie.	It's about love and comedy.
I'm sure you'll like it.	This movie is very moving. I hope you will like it.
All right. Bye!	All right. Bye!
It's Na Xie.	The star is Nicholas Tse.
[2] I also know that Nicholas Tse is the Most Popular Actor in Hong Kong.	[2] Thank you for your compliment. Nicholas Tse is a famous movie star.
Yes, he has also won the Hong Kong Film Awards for Best Supporting Actor.	Ha ha, he has won the Hundred Flowers Awards for Best Supporting Actor.
[3] You can see his movie, A Better Tomorrow II, which is a documentary.	[3] You're right. By the way, your idol has a movie, The Bullet Vanishes, is particularly good, which is "the most strange case in the Republic of China". You can watch it when you have time.
[4] Then I recommend you to watch Cecilia Cheung's movie, A Better Tomorrow II. Cecilia Cheung is a typical Hong Kong woman in the Republic of China. It's a good movie.	[4] Well, she starred in The Legend of Speed. It's a good movie, It's full of Hong Kong style about racing car!
The director is Tsui Hark.	It's Weiqiang Liu.
Hope you like it.	Hope you'll like it.
Bye!	Goodbye!
It's 6 p.m.	Today is Sunday, December 9, 2018.
[2] Hee hee, hee. Today is the birthday of the star Aaron Kwok.	[2] You flatter me. Would you like to know about the weather today?
Today is sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 12 ℃ and low 3 ℃.	Shenyang today is sunny with southwest wind. The high will be - 5 ℃ and the low - 19 ℃. Keep warm!
Remember to add more clothes when you go out.	Yes, we must take good care of ourselves in winter. We can't catch cold!
You're welcome. I'll always be here for you.	You're welcome. I hope you can chat with me more when you have time. I'm very happy!
All right. Bye!	OK, looking forward to the next meet, goodbye!
He's a Capricorn.	Capricorn.
[2] Speaking of Jay Chou, he is one of the top ten most influential people in Asia by CNN.	[2] By the way, Jay Chou has won IFPI HK Top 10 Sales Mandarin Album for seven consecutive years, with top 10 sales of Mandarin records.
You really have a good taste. He has won the World Music Awards for Best-Selling Chinese Singer.	I'm afraid you're a fake fan. I'll tell you more. He has won the Golden Melody Award for Best Male Mandarin Singer and has won 15 Golden Melody Awards.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his Rain. It's very nice. I don't want to listen to it for the time being.	[3] Free Tutorial Video is recommended to you. Jay has been making progress and always been ahead of time.
Yeah, he's really good at singing.	Jay Chou's, of course.
[4] Would you like to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want to play Free Tutorial Video?
Free Tutorial Video is playing.	Free Tutorial Video is playing.
OK, see ya!	See ya!
Today is November 6th, 2018.	43388.0
[2] You're welcome. Do you know today is Jay Chou's birthday?	[2] Hee hee, you know, it's still Jimmy Lin's birthday.
He has received the Best Actor Award at the 8th Hong Kong Film Awards and the Best Actor Award at the 5th Seoul International Drama Awards. He is so excellent.	You have a good vision, and he is the best charity star of 2008.
[3] I'd like to recommend you his song Free Tutorial Video. You can't miss it.	[3] I recommend that you see Flying Dagger starred by him. This movie is not bad and worth seeing.
The director is Kevin Chu.	Yen-Ping Chu.
Yeah, it's worth seeing	Well, you won't be disappointed.
Bye!	OK, goodbye.
Good afternoon!	Good!
No, I'm too tired to eat.	Not yet. On the way home.
My favorite movie is Silence is Gold.	I like The Foreigner best.
Mi Yang, of course.	Jackie Chan, of course.
Yes, he's a successful director.	Yes, he is a grateful star.
He has been shortlisted for the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor five times.	He is the memory of my childhood and the idol of my life.
I'm not interested in this film.	Yeah, it's great, but I've seen it.
This one is worth seeing.	What's the reputation of this movie?
Then I'll see it when I have time.	Then I'll watch it.
See ya!	Bye!
Today's weather is cloudy with northwest wind. The maximum temperature will be 21 ℃ and the minimum temperature will be 9 ℃.	It'll turn from cloudy to light rain with northeast winds in Fuzhou today. The high will be 21 ℃ and the low 15 ℃.
[2] Today's weather is suitable for eating Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce.	[2] It's perfect to eat Marinated Fish in this weather.
The taste of grilled grouper is delicious.	Baked grouper is really delicious.
[3] I recommend you to order Marinated Fish at Yufeiyu Fashion Hunan Cuisine. This restaurant is located in the intersection of Nanguan road and Fanrong road in Nanguan District.	I believe you will be very satisfied.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
It's on.	Playing.
[2] You're welcome. You can also listen to Kris Wu's Self Directed Act which is also very catchy. It's a love song.	[2] This is what I should do. You like it so much. His Heartburn is also very good. Listen to it.
What about Run Toward the Future? It's the theme song of the movie Heroes 2.	The song Lonely Shadow is very emotional, warm and healing. You must not miss it.
It sounds very good. It's a very affectionate song.	Then you can listen to it.
[3] May I play it for you now?	[3] Shall I play it for you now?
Playing now.	Here it goes.
I'm glad you like it.	I'll recommend you some good songs in the future.
Bye!	Bye!
Good afternoon. I'm on my way home.	I'm busy myself with learning, but I have still regressed.
Well, I've made some progress in my study, and I'm very happy.	Maybe.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Jingqin Chen.
Yeah.	That's right.
I'm six years old.	I'm 15 years old.
I like watching movies and following stars.	Watching movies and listening to music.
[6] Well, I'm going to have a rest. Talk later.	[6] OK, I'll have a meal. Bye.
Bye!	OK.
Yes, she's a Virgo.	He was a Virgo.
[2] You're welcome. Bingbing Fan is a beauty with many fans. She is also the Most Popular Actress of the Chinese Film Media Award.	[2] It seems that you like Bingbing Fan very much. She is the A-list star in the domestic.
Yes, she is also very good at acting. She won the Best Actress Award of the Houston International Film Festival.	In the current domestic film and television industry, she is worthy of admiration and respect.
[3] Then you can see her movie "I Waited Until the Flower Withered". It's a good movie.	[3] That's also because she is skilled. It's best to rely on yourself. I recommend you her film Hand Phone, which is very distinctive and of the significance of the times.
The director is Xiaogang Feng.	The director is the famous Xiaogang Feng.
You're going to love it.	You're going to love it.
Bye!	Bye!
It's Leslie Cheung.	It's Aaron Kwok.
[2] Speaking of Aaron Kwok, he is the king of Asian music.	[2] Speaking of Aaron Kwok, he is an international superstar and Hong Kong movie king. Do you like him?
He is also the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	Well, he has a good vision. He also won the China Image Film Festival for Best Actor and the Most Popular Male Singer in the Top Ten Golden Songs for three times.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Rain to you. The melody is catchy. The lyrics are exquisite and poetic.	[3] Ha ha, I must recommend you one of his films, The Bare-Footed Kid, which is an early work of Qifeng Du. The style is very clear, the sense of fatalism is still very galactic. If you haven't seen it, you can watch it.
It's good.	It's good.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Mm-hmm. Hope you like it.
All right. Bye!	Yeah, bye!
Good afternoon!	Hello
Life is boring recently.	I'm very happy recently.
My name is Xinbin Liu.	Qibin Ma.
A man, of course.	Male.
27.0	55.0
I like listening to music.	Yes, I like stars and movies.
[6] OK, I'm going to sleep. Talk to you later.	[6] Well, I'm going to have a meal. I won't talk about it.
Bye!	Bye!
Today's weather is cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 22 ℃ and low 13 ℃.	Today, it will turn from light rain to moderate rain in Nanchang, with northeast winds. The high will be 20 ℃ and the low 13 ℃. You need to take an umbrella.
[2] You're welcome. It's a perfect day to have Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili.	[2] Hey, it's warm. How about listening to Heroes of Earth today?
Leehom Wang. It's very nice.	Of course, it was sung by Leehom Wang. The lyrics, arrangement and integration of Peking Opera rap are really dazzling. It's still so classic after so many years.
[3] You can listen to it now. Is there anything else?	[3] Do you need me to play it for you?
OK, it's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	No trouble. It has been played for you. Please enjoy it.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
It's Leehom Wang.	The lead singer is Leehom Wang.
[2] Leehom Wang is the most popular male singer in Taiwan.	[2] In a word, Leehom Wang is also the Best Male Singer of the Year on the Global Pop Music Golden List.
Yes, he is also one of the 25 Most Influential People in Asia on CNN.	He has also won two Golden Melody Award for Best Mandarin Male Singer.
[3] Leehom Wang's song Chinese Soul is also very good. The song integrates the eastern and western elements and makes innovations. Leehom Wang wrote the melody and lyrics of this song. It is full of strong classical flavor.	[3] Kiss Goodbye is a very nice song. I recommend it to you. It's a simple, natural and pleasant lyric song.
Yes, the song is very sad.	Haha, but this song is sung by Leehom Wang. You can listen to it.
[4] Do you want me to play Kiss Goodbye for you?	[4] Do you want to play this song?
Kiss Goodbye is playing for you.	OK, it's playing Kiss Goodbye.
Bye!	See ya!
He's a Cancer.	It's Cancer.
[2] You're welcome. Jacky Cheung has won the World Music Award for Best-selling Chinese Singer.	[2] Speaking of Jacky Cheung, he is a good actor and won Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor.
Jacky Cheung also won the Golden Needle Award, the highest honor in Hong Kong music circle.	In addition to acting, he also sings very well. He has also won the Most Popular Male Singers of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards, and is also the winner of the World Music Award, the World's Top Selling Chinese Singer Award.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his Rain, which is very good. It's a song with Chinese style. Jacky Cheung's singing is very infectious.	[3] I'd like to recommend you a song Be Torn with Grief by Jacky Cheung. It's very good. It's a classic Lyric pop song.
Yes, but it's a sad love song.	Every time I listen to this song, I feel different. How about listening to it again?
[4] Do you want me to play this song for you now?	[4] Do you want to play Be Torn with Grief for you?
Playing Be Torn with Grief for you.	I'm playing Be Torn with Grief for you.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
187cm.	187cm.
[2] You're welcome. Kris Wu is a national idol.	[2] You pay so much attention to Kris Wu. Do you know that he also won the Outstanding Youth Award of Sina Entertainment's 15th Anniversary Celebration.
Yes, and he's also the Best New Actor in the 5th China Changchun Film Festival.	Yes, and also won the Most Popular Male God of the 2015 Asian Influence Oriental Festival, or the winner of the Asian Fashion Idol Award of Sohu Fashion Festival.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his song All the Way, which is very catchy.	[3] I'd like to recommend you a song of his Tough Pill. The melody of the song catches us. With the drum design of the arrangement, the emotion will be pushed forward step by step and gradually become strong.
Yes, it's a very positive song.	Yes, you can listen to it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you need me to play it for you?
OK, it's playing for you.	There you go.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	Bye!
Very good. I did well in the exam.	Hello, I have made progress in my study again.
Thank you. I will continue to work hard.	Yeah, ha ha
My name is Xiaoxiang Guo.	Shuaiyu Cai.
Yes, you are so smart.	Of course, you can guess it by my name.
I'm only six years old.	Six and a half years old.
I like small animals, and watching animation.	I like watching anime, listening to children's songs and small animals.
[6] Heehee, I'm going to eat, goodbye.	[6] Well, let's talk about it next time. I have something else to do.
Bye!	See ya!
OK, Need Some Company is playing for you.	No problem. It's playing for you.
[2] You're welcome. I'd like to recommend another song named All the Things You Never Knew sung by Jiong He. It's a song full of sincere feeling. It's a very good song. Would you like to hear it?	[2] You're welcome. Do you like Leehom Wang? He also has a song called All the Things You Never Knew. It's worth listening to because of the melody and the lyrics of the movie.
What about his All the Things You Never Knew? It's very catchy. Do you want to hear it?	OK, Open Fire will make people full of power. The more they listen, the more they want to listen to. This on?
Yeah, it's very popular.	Of course, the songs of Leehom Wang are not bad.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Shall I play it for you directly?
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	Yeah, I'm glad you like it.
All right. Bye!	Ok, goodbye.
Today's weather is cloudy with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 20℃ and the minimum temperature will be 9℃.	Today, it will turn from light rain to cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 19 ℃ and the low 15 ℃.
[2] Thank you for your praise. Today's weather is suitable for eating Tossed Clear Noodles in Chili Sauce.	[2] Thank you for your compliment. Sweet and Sour Spare Ribs is the best to eat in such weather.
It's a very popular dish.	Really, a very popular hot dish.
I'm sure you'll like it.	A dish that won't let you down.
All right. Bye!	All right. Bye!
Hello!	Hello Hello
It's easy to work recently.	Work is a little boring, nothing.
My name is Yuzhen Hu.	My name is Nafeng Si. Is it a little tongue twister?
It's a man's name, of course.	Woman.
I'm 36.	22.0
I like stars, watching movies and news.	I usually go after the star news and listen to music.
Well, I like listening to Invisible Hands.	Well, I like the song Could You Love Me?
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.
Of course I know. Na Xie is Taurus.	Of course, Na Xie is Taurus.
[2] Do you like Na Xie? She is the Best Host of Hunan Satellite TV.	[2] Not only that, I also know that Na Xie has won the Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host of China TV.
Yes, her hosting skills are also very good. She has also won the Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host of China TV.	Besides, she is not only good at hosting, but also good at singing.
[3] Then I recommend you to listen to her song "All the Things You Never Knew". This song is full of strong classical flavor, profound and sincere words and music, and each note hits the heart.	[3] When it comes to acting skills, her Princess and Seven Kung Fu Masters is recommended to you. Oh, it's funny.
It's a comedy.	This is an action comedy film starred by Na Xie, Jinbao Hong, Junru Wu, Zhongji Zheng, Zhiwei Zeng and Zulan Wang.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I believe it will bring you a different experience.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Today is May 17, 2018.	November, 6, 2018
[2] You know what? Today is also Kris Wu's birthday.	[2] You know that today is Kris Wu's birthday?
You have a good taste. He has won the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony in 2015.	Then you have a good vision. He is the first post-90s artist whose wax figure entered Madame Tussauds Wax Museum in Shanghai, and won the Best Actor Award of Tokyo International Film Festival·China Film Week.
[3] You like his acting skills very much. I recommend you to see his movie Secret. It's very good.	[3] I just recommend the song Big Bowl Thick Noodles to you. The lines reveal the experience after the wind and rain, convey the firm belief, and the simple and straightforward lyrics are full of inspiration. It's worth listening to.
Yes, it's your idol's song.	Yes, he did. It's very nice.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want to play it for you?
It's playing for you.	OK, I'm playing Big Bowl Thick Noodles for you.
Bye!	I won't disturb you then. Bye!
Today's weather is cloudy with northeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 15℃ and the minimum temperature will be 9℃.	Hello, the weather is light rain with northern winds. The high will be 7 ℃ and the low 0 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. It's a good day to listen to You're Not Here. This song interprets the loneliness and powerlessness of love between men and women in the world. It's full of strong classical flavor. It's very suitable for today's weather.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, Stir-Fried Venerupis is very hot in this weather.
Well, the point is that this hot dish can warm your stomach.	The point is that this hot dish makes me feel warm in my heart after eating it.
[3] If you want to have Stir-Fried Venerupis, you can go to Yufeiyu Fashion Hunan Cuisine. This restaurant is very good.	[3] I sincerely recommend you to order Stir-Fried Venerupis at Wanzhou Marined Fish. It tastes delicious!
It's 51 per person.	Yes, the per person cost is 33. It's very cheap and affordable.
It's on the 5th floor of Zhengheng Commercial Plaza, No. 193 Jinzhu West Road, Xixiangtang District.	It's just in NO.A15, east gate of Liansheng Plaza.
It's a 4.2.	It's a good. 3.9
Sure, no problem.	OK, I'll arrange it for you as soon as possible.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Good afternoon.	Good evening.
On my way home.	On the way home.
My name is Yu Wang.	My name is Xiaoyang Chen.
Yes.	Oh, you can guess it, ha ha
I'm 26 years old.	Or you can guess.
You're smart. I'm an adult.	I'm 19. Ha ha.
I like watching movies.	I just watch movies and listen to music.
[6] Yeah. I'm home. Talk later.	[6] Yes, hehe, I'm home.
Ok, goodbye.	OK, see ya!
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
[2] Yes, I'd like to recommend another song of hers, All the Things You Never Knew, which has a good melody and a good rhythm.	[2] Then you have to listen to his Wolf Legend. It's a very lively and hot song. It's the most rock-n-roll love song among Jacky Cheung's hundreds of songs.
Then you can listen to his All the Things You Never Knew, which is a song full of the creator's thinking and confusion about "everything" and "everything" in life.	You can listen to his I Can't Forget You, which is one of Jacky Cheung's 1996 album I Can't Forget You. It's very good, too.
A very popular song.	Very good, of course.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you need me to put it for you?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
It's Jackie Chan.	Hello, Bingbing Fan.
[2] Speaking of Bingbing Fan, she is a very good actress. She has won the Best Actress Award of the Golden Horse Awards.	[2] I'd like to tell you that Bingbing Fan is very good. She has won the Most Anticipated Actor.
Yes, she has also won the Best Actress of Houston International Film Festival.	She is a Chinese beauty in the eyes of Westerners. She is really beautiful and dedicated.
[3] I'd like to recommend her movie named Chongqing Blues. It's worth watching.	[3] Let me recommend you her movie, Chongqing Blues, a story about her father's self redemption.
It's a love comedy. The score is 7.4.	It's a crime drama with a score of 7.2
I'm sure you'll like it.	I wish you like it.
See ya!	See ya!
It's 12:00 noon.	6:00 p.m.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, it will turn from sunny to cloudy today. North winds. The high will be 2 ℃ and low - 5 ℃. Remember to keep warm.	[2] It will turn from cloudy to light rain with northern winds. The high will be 14 ℃ and the low 10 ℃.
My pleasure.	You're welcome.
Bye!	Bye!
Good afternoon!	Hello.
It's a little boring.	Recently, life is very boring. I don't know why.
Well, my name is Kunbin Zhao.	Fortunately, I have you with me. My name is Qixiang Guo.
Yes, you are smart.	Yes, I'm a lady.
I'm 51 years old.	I'm over 50 years old.
I like watching movies and listening to music.	I'm very bored so I have a lot of hobbies, like chasing stars, watching movies and listening to music.
Yes, I like the movie named I Waited Until the Flower Withered.	Well, I like The Ultimate Task.
[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.
Ruby Lin was born in Taipei, China.	She is from Taipei, Taiwan, China.
[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Ruby Lin, she is a popular actress in mainland China.	[2] You're welcome. Did you know that she also won the 50th Golden Bell Award for Best Drama?
Yes, she has also won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actress.	And she also has the title of Elegant Goddess. She is so beautiful forever!
[3] Yes. I recommend you to watch the movie named The Crescent.  It's very funny.	[3] Then I'll recommend you Comic King. The actors in it are very good.
Good reputation. The score is 7.4.	The reputation is OK. The score is 6.
It's directed by Chi-Leung Law.	The director is Xingpei Ke.
I'm sure it won't let you down.	[4] OK, I won't disturb you now, goodbye.
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, it's playing for you. Please enjoy it
[2] I'd like to recommend another song of Kris Wu, A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream. It's also the theme song of the mobile game World of Sword.	[2] Thank you. Then I recommend you to listen to Kris Wu's Heaven & Earth. This song is full of atmosphere and boundless, which is a thousand year sigh from the river carrying the long history of China.
Then you can listen to his Heaven & Earth, which is the theme song of the public benefit activity I Want To Go To School.	Then you can listen to his song One Dream. It's very good, and Kris Wu's face in the MV is really beautiful.
It's very nice.	Of course, it's very nice. There's nothing wrong with what I recommend
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you need me to play this song for you?
Playing One Dream for you.	It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!
All right. Bye!	OK, see ya!
It's sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 21 ℃ and low 10 ℃.	It's fine today. There is no continuous wind direction. The high will be 17 ℃ and the low 2 ℃.
[2] This kind of weather is suitable for listening to Who's the Keyman. The lead singer is Jiong He.	[2] Hey, this kind of weather is very suitable for eating Griddle Cooked Cauliflower.
It's a nutritious vegetable.	I'm smart. Cauliflower is very nutritious.
I'm sure you'll like it.	[3] You can try to order in Jialinjiang Riverside Sichuan Cuisine. The Griddle Cooked Cauliflower is not bad.
32 yuan.	About 65 per person.
It's on the Jialinjiang Riverside Sichuan Cuisine.	It's in Jinfeng District, NO.300 Changcheng Middle Road, opposite to Xinbai Liangtian supermarket.
It's got a 4.1.	The score is pretty good, 4.9.
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
It's Cecilia Cheung.	Hello, its star is Xiaoming Huang.
[2] Hey, hey, he is the Best Actor of the 12th China Changchun Film Festival.	[2] I'll remember everything for you. I also know that Xiaoming Huang is a handsome man in Scorpio.
Ha ha, he has also won many awards, such as the Most Anticipated Actor of the Chinese Film Media Award, the Best Actor of the 32nd Hundred Flowers Awards, and so on.	Besides, his acting is very good. He has also won Hundred Flowers Awards for Best Actor and Golden Rooster Award for Best Supporting Actor. Oh, this is an affirmation of his acting skills.
[3] He is also very good at singing. His song named Heartburn is really good. You can listen to it.	[3] In a word, Les Saisons, starred by him, is a film of great philosophical significance, which is worth seeing.
Hong Kong, China.	This is a French film.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Believe me, this movie won't let you down.
All right. Bye!	Bye!
Snake.	Xiaoming Huang is a snake.
[2] Of course. Xiaoming Huang is the Best Actor of the 11th China Changchun Film Festival.	[2] Thank you for your praise. I also know that Xiaoming Huang is the Best Actor of the 13th China Changchun Film Festival!
He is not only good at acting, but also good at singing. He has won the Best Actor of the 12th China Changchun Film Festival.	You have a good vision. His acting is also very good.
[3] I'd like to recommend his movie "Run" to you. The film is very good!	[3] So, you can see Forever Young starred by Xiaoming Huang. In a non-linear narrative, the film tells four different stories, but points to a common theme: beautiful virtue and helpful words are the foundation of youth.
The score is 7.3.	The score of this movie is 7.
I'm sure you'll like it.	You won’t regret it.
OK, see ya!	Bye!
It's 12:00 at noon.	It's December 15, 2018, 7:00 a.m.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, today is cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	[2] You're welcome. In addition, the weather in Lhasa today is sunny with south winds. The high will be 8 ℃ and the low - 8 ℃. Keep warm.
My pleasure.	I'm really happy to serve you.
OK, see ya!	OK, bye.
It's 7 am.	It's time for dinner, 12:00 noon.
[2] You're welcome. Today is mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 20 ℃, and low 11 ℃.	[2] Today is the birthday of an internationally renowned person who has won the MTV Film Awards Lifetime Achievement Award. Do you know who it is?
It's Xiaoming Huang.	Today is Jackie Chan's birthday.
Yes, and he is also a philanthropist.	[3] Would you like to know about his wonderful autobiography The Legend of Jackie Chan?
It's Jackie Chan. The score is 7.6.	The director is Jackie Chan. Oh, the score is 7.4.
I'm sure you'll like it.	No problem. It's a movie worth seeing.
Bye!	All right. Bye
Good morning.	Good morning.
It's easy.	It's easy to work.
My favorite song is Time Machine.	I like listening to Naughty Love.
Yes, he is excellent. He has won the 25th Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.	Yes, his program can always bring us joy, and I like it very much.
Yes, I really like him.	He's really good.
I don't want to listen to it now.	I've heard it.
Sounds good.	It seems good to hear your introduction, isn't it?
OK, I'll listen to it.	Mm-hmm. Let me listen.
Yes, please.	Sure.
Thank you for your recommendation.	[6] OK, I'll listen to the song first, goodbye.
It's cloudy with northeast winds today. The high will be 20 ℃ and low 10 ℃.	Recently, the weather is not very good, there may be light rain, and it is cloudy with southeast wind. The high will be 15 ℃, and the low 10 ℃.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Duck Blooding Chili Sauce.	[2] Thank you, but I have to say that in this kind of weather, Jiaozi Stuffed with Celery, which we Chinese love to eat, is just perfect.
Yes, it won't let you down.	Quietly tell you, many people love to eat dumplings, the key is that it's warm after eating it.
[3] If you want to eat it, I recommend that you order it at Yicaiyige Classic Sichuan Cuisine.	[3] Just in time, I'd like to recommend you Minguo Seafood Dumpling House, a professional dumpling maker. You can book a dumpling here.
It's at No. 31 Shida Road, Shinan District (near Tokyo International Time Zone).	The cost per person is 78 yuan. It is located at 31 Zhongshan Road, Shinan District (Republic of China Hotel, 280 meters north of Zhanqiao, opposite to Baisheng)
I'll make a reservation for you right away.	Have a safe trip and have a good time!
See ya!	Take care of yourself. Bye.
It's sunny with northwest winds today in Wuxi. The high will be 20 ℃ and low 10 ℃.	It will turn from sunny to cloudy. The high will be 13 ℃ and the low 5 ℃.
[2] Thank you for your praise. It's a perfect day to have Sautéed Beef Fillet.	[2] This kind of weather is suitable for Poached Spice Slices of Pork. You can try it.
It's a very popular hot dish.	This hot dish, especially with rice, you'll like it better.
You'll love it.	You have a good taste, too.
Bye!	All right, go ahead, goodbye.
Today is mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 26 ℃ and low 21 ℃.	Hefei is mostly cloudy with east winds. The high will be 27 ℃ and the low 13 ℃ today. It's very suitable to go out and relax.
[2] Thank you for your praise. Today's weather is suitable for listening to Heroes of Earth. This song is also the theme song of the public welfare activity.	[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is very suitable for eating Sautéed Spicy Bullfrog.
Then you can eat it today.	You'll feel warm in the stomach after eating this hot dish.
[3] I happen to know a good restaurant. Have a try here. You can order Sautéed Spicy Bullfrog in the Happy Dumpling Restaurant.	I believe you will fall in love with it again.
OK, goodbye.	OK,have a good night, goodbye!
Hello, I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	I didn't do well in the exam.
I will.	I'll try my best.
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	My name is Lingwen Niu
I'm a girl.	Girl.
Six years old.	Eight years old.
I like small animals, and watching animation.	I like small animals.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6] Talk later. I'll be at school soon.
Good afternoon!	Good evening!
I've been very happy recently. I got a bonus, ha ha.	I can understand the knowledge, and I'm very relaxed.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Xuanchao Ji.
I'm a man.	A man.
I'm 51 years old.	Nine years old.
I like small animals, watching animation and singing children's songs.	I like to play with small animals and listen to children's songs.
[6] Hey, hey. I'm getting home, bye!	[6] Hey, hey, I'm almost home. Bye.
Bye!	Bye!
It's Bingbing Fan.	The star is Bo Huang.
[2] Do you like Bo Huang? He is a famous star in China.	[2] You're welcome. He won the Best Actor Award of the 19th Huading award.
Well, he has also won the Best Actor Award of the 25th Golden Horse Award.	Ha ha, his appearance also shows that the mainland movie king is rising.
[3] Yes, you can see his film, The Sun Washed by Spring Rain. It's a good movie with a good reputation.	[3] In that case, I'd like to recommend his movie Hooked on You, which will never let you down.
It's a comedy.	It's a comedy.
I'm sure you'll like it.	You're going to love it.
See ya!	Bye!
Not good. I didn't do well in the exam.	I'm not happy with my study. I have regressed. I'm a little bit sad.
I see. Thank you.	I see. Thank you for comforting me. I'll remember.
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	My name is Yu Wang.
I'm a boy.	Boy, of course.
I'm six years old.	I'm 10 years old.
I like watching anime and listening to children's songs.	I usually listen to animal songs, look at animation.
Hey hey, I think they're very cute.	Hey hey, I think they're very cute.
[6]I have to study.Goodbye.	[6] I have to go. I'm going to study.
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon!
I'm in a good mood.	I've been under a lot of pressure recently.
I like the movie named Impossible to Miss You.	I like the movie The Bare-Footed Kid.
Of course, it's Jackie Chan.	Aaron Kwok, of course.
Wow, my idol is so excellent.	Yes, a real star. I like him very much.
That's why I like his songs.	Mm-hmm, and the older he is, the more charmful he is.
I've seen it.	Unfortunately, I've seen this one.
What kind of movie is it?	Good name. What's the score?
Not bad. I'll see it.	Mm-hmm. let me see it first.
Bye!	See ya!
Not bad.	Not bad. I did well in this exam. Ha ha
Thank you.	Hehe, thanks.
Bosom Friend.	Yes, I like Bosom Friend best.
Yes, I like him a lot.	That must be. I like his talent very much.
Yes, he is excellent.	Yes, it is worthy of being the skilled king of songs.
I've heard this song. I don't want to hear it for the moment.	Well, thank you for your recommendation, but I've listened to this song.
That sounds good.	Mm-hmm, I haven't listened to this, but his song should not be bad.
OK, I'll listen.	Mm-hmm. Listen to it when I have time.
Yes, go ahead.	Yes, you can.
[6] Well, it's time for me to go to bed. Talk later.	[6] Well, it's time to go to bed. Let's talk next time.
Good night.	Good night.
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	Peking Opera Blues is playing for you.
[2] Thank you for your praise. Do you want to listen to Leehom Wang's Self Directed Act? It's also a classic. It's also one of the most representative Cantonese songs of Leehom Wang.	[2] This is what I should do. There is also a beautiful song Auld Lang Syne. Do you want to listen to it? This song makes people feel nostalgic. But after the sadness, people value the present and the future more, and know more about the role of friendship in life.
How about A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream? It's a very good song.	Well, you have to listen to Rain. It's a piano composition by Jay Chou. In the movie Secret, it appears two times.
You can listen to it. It's very nice.	You're going to love it.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you?	[3] Do you want me to play this song for you?
Rain is playing for you.	OK, thank you!
That's all right.	[4] I'm going to work. Let's talk tomorrow.
It's 8 p.m.	10:00 p.m
[2] You're welcome. By the way, it's cloudy with northeast winds today in Qingdao. The high will be 24 ℃ and low 19 ℃. Remember to take an umbrella when you go out.	[2] You're welcome. Today is sunny with northeast winds. The high will be 3 ℃ and the low - 7 ℃.
Take care of yourself.	Yeah, it's really cold at night.
All right. Bye!	Sure.
Good afternoon!	Hi.
I'm at school.	I'm going to have lunch.
My name is Xiaoshan Wang.	My name is Xiaoxiang Guo.
Yeah, you're smart.	You're right.
I'm eight years old.	I'm seven years old.
I like to play with small animals, and watch animation.	I like watching cartoons and listening to children's songs.
[6] Heehee, I'm going to eat, goodbye.	Thank you for your praise.
[6] I'm going to eat. Talk later.	[6] Hey, hey, I have to go. I'm going to study.
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon.
I'm very happy. I just got paid.	Today, I got the bonus. Very happy.
My name is Xiaoqian Hu.	My name is Liu Qixiang.
I'm a man.	A girl, of course.
I'm 27.	I'm 23.
I like following stars, watching movies and listening to music.	I like following news of celebrities, listening to music and watching the news.
Well, I like listening to the song named Invisible Hands.	Well, I like the song You're My Love.
[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Yeah. I've got something to do now. Talk later.
It's Leehom Wang.	It's Leehom Wang.
[2] Leehom Wang is one of the Ten Outstanding Young Persons of the world.	[2] Speaking of Leehom Wang, he is a super singer, and he won the Best Male Singer in Hong Kong and Taiwan of the 15th Global Chinese Music Awards.
You have a good taste. He has won the Best Male Singer of the Year of MTV Asia Awards.	Then you have a good taste. He was not only the Best Male Singer of the Global Chinese Golden Chart, but also a popular male singer in Canada.
[3] I'd like to recommend a song to you. It's called From Now On, and it's a classic song.	[3] "Sun & Moon of My Heart" is recommended to you. It's great. The smooth and beautiful style of the song seems to take the audience across the fairyland of the world. Chinese instruments, such as flute, six-string lute, dulcimer, drum and Jinfa, are used to compose a western melody under the Chinese pentachord.
Yes, it is.	Yes.
[4] May I play it for you now?	[4] Do you want to play Sun & Moon of My Heart?
Playing Sun & Moon of My Heart.	Sun & Moon of My Heart is playing for you.
OK, see ya!	See ya!
Today's weather is cloudy with southeast wind. The maximum temperature will be 18℃ and the minimum temperature will be 11℃.	Hello, it's sunny today with northwest winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 0 ℃. Don't catch a cold~
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for eating Poached Spicy Slices of Pork.	[2] You're welcome. You know, it's a nice day to have Kung Pao Chicken.
Many people like this hot dish.	This dish is very popular. Carrot and cucumber are very nutritious vegetable.
[3] I recommend you to go to Han's Hunan Cuisine. It's a good restaurant.	[3] You can go to King Chef Sichuan Cuisine. Its Kung Pao Chicken is excellent. It's very good.
The price per person is 51.	It is very affordable, only 34 yuan.
The address is at No.123 Liuxiang South Road, Yingze District (near Changsha University of Science & Technology).	It's No.123 Liuxiang South Road, Yingze District. It's behind the Changfeng Theatre.
The score is 4.5.	4.1 is not low!
Sure, no problem.	OK, I have made a reservation for three at noon~
OK, see ya!	Have a good time at work! Goodbye!
Today's weather is sunny with southwest wind. The highest temperature will be 16℃, and the lowest temperature will be 3℃.	It will turn from cloudy to light rain today. South winds. The high will be 13 ℃, and low 6 ℃.
[2] Hee hee, it's a perfect day to eat Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.	[2] It's a nice day to have Duck Blooding Chili Sauce.
Then you can try it today.	Mm-hmm, it's nice to have hot dishes in such a cold day.
[3] You can order Duck Blooding Chili Sauce at Wanzhou Marinated Fish.	OK. Have a nice meal.
See ya!	Bye!
It's 8:00 a.m., December 24, 2018.	Hello, it's 10 o'clock sharp in the evening.
[2] Thank you for your praise. By the way, it's cloudy with northeast wind today. The highest temperature is 19℃, and the lowest temperature is 12℃.	[2] Hehe, by the way, I'll tell you today's weather. It's sunny in Yangzhou with southeast winds. The high will be 16 ℃ and low 5 ℃. The weather is not bad.
Thank you for that.	That's my duty.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Today's light rain turns to overcast with northeast winds. The high will be 17 ℃, and low 8 ℃.	It's cloudy and sunny in Changchun today, with northwest winds. The high will be - 7 ℃, and low - 20 ℃.
[2] Well, this kind of weather is very suitable for eating Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce.	[2] It's a nice day to listen to the song Heroes of Earth. I recommend it to you.
Leehom Wang.	It's your idol, Leehom Wang. This song is also a classic in the hearts of his fans.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Can I play this song for you now?
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, I'm playing Heroes of Earth for you.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
He's a Virgo.	His sign is Virgo.
[2] Thank you. Leslie Cheung is a famous artist.	[2] He won the Best Original Film Song of the Taiwan Golden Horse Awards.
You really have a good taste. Leslie Cheung won the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards.	Do you like his songs? He is a very good original singer and the first Chinese singer who is famous in Korea.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Floral Sea to you. It's an island tune with island style. It's very nice.	[3] One of his songs Together We Move On is recommended to you. Leslie Cheung once again shows his ability to control songs. Being cut off from the outside world with no desire and no ambition, he is not so much singing a song as directing a band. However, his work doesn't have a brilliant climax, there is only a peaceful touching feeling, which shows the normal of life.
This song is very good. You can listen to it.	[4] Yes, it's a popular song worth listening to on repeat..
You're welcome. I'm glad you like it.	You're welcome. Your satisfaction is the best compliment for me.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is October 18, 2018.	It's April 28, 2018.
[2] Today is the birthday of Jiong He.	[2] Thank you very much! But it's also Jiong He's birthday, you know?
He is also the Most Popular Male TV Host among college students in China Student Television Festival.	That's great. He's a top host of Hunan Satellite TV. The audience who watch his show like him very much!
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Gardenia to you. It's a good song. This song is full of classical flavor. Jiong He's voice is very charming.	[3] In fact, he is not only an outstanding host, but also an excellent singer. This song Another Self is a perfect interpretation. This 41-year-old singer puts his dream of being a film director into the song as a challenge for himself, demonstrating his positive thought that nothing is too late to be done.
It's very nice.	Listen to it. It's worth listening to.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Would you like me to play this song for you?
OK, it's playing for you.	Mm-hmm, this is for you!
OK, see ya!	Yeah, I'm glad you like it, goodbye!
Hi, today is January 18, 2018.	Hi, today is April 28, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, today is the birthday of Jiong He.	[2] You're welcome. Today is also the birthday of Jiong He. He was born on April 28, 1974.
Mr. He is really excellent. Mr. He also won the Excellent Host Award of the 25th China TV Golden Eagle Award.	Of course, Mr. Jiang He is a rare talent in the entertainment industry.
[3] Mm-hmm. By the way, have you heard the song Another Self? Jiong He's face in the MV is really beautiful. I recommend it to you.	[3] Well, this very energetic song Run by Jiong He is recommended to you. Miracle belongs to people who believe in it.
Yes, Mr. He's songs are really good.	Of course, I believe you will be very interested in it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play this song for you now?
It's playing for you. Please enjoy it!	OK, Run is playing.
Goodbye.	Goodbye.
It's 8 p.m.	OK, it's 8:00 a.m., October 8, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, it will turn from overcast to light rain with northwest winds today. The high will be 12 ℃, and low 0 ℃.	[2] By the way, Jinan today turns from cloudy to light rain with south winds. The high will be 21 ℃ and low 12 ℃. Remember to take an umbrella when you go out.
It what I should do.	Thank you, I'm here for you.
Bye!	All right. Bye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	OK, it's May 6, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, today is also the birthday of Cecilia Cheung.	[2] Hehe, today is also Na Xie's birthday.
Yes, Na Xie is a very good host. She has won the Excellent Host Award of  China TV Golden Eagle Award and the China TV Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.	She is a top variety show host. She is very famous. She won the China TV Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host. Many people like her.
[3] Then I'd like to recommend the song You're Not Here. It's very good. Na Xie sings very well. It's a song with sincere feelings. It's very nice.	[3] In fact, Na Xie's acting skills are also very good. Do you want to see her My Boyfriends? It's very good and close to life.
Not bad.	Not bad.
You're going to love it.	I believe you will like it!
OK, see ya!	Byebye!
It's 8 p.m.	It's 18:00 sharp in the afternoon.
[2] No worries. By the way, today is sunny with south winds. The high will be 13 ℃ and low 5 ℃.	[2] By the way, today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 19 ℃ and low 8 ℃.
Yes, keep warm.	Yeah, keep warm.
Remember to take an umbrella when you go out.	Be sure to put on one more coat before you go out.
Bye!	Bye!
Hello, I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	Good evening. I've been good recently. It's easy to study.
Yes, I can't catch a break.	Yes, but I have to work hard.
Not really for movies at the moment.	I don't want to talk about movies.
Yeah, I've always liked him.	Jacky Cheung is a real idol.
Yes, and I like his songs very much.	Yes, he deserves to be called a super singer.
I'm not interested in this song.	Sorry, I've heard this song many times.
It seems that this song is very moving.	The name of this song is very sad. I don't know how it sounds.
Then I really have to listen to it.	I'm looking forward to hearing that.
Yes, please.	OK, go ahead.
It's really a good song. I'm so excited about it.	[6] I'm listening. Thank you for your recommendation. I'll listen to the song first.
Bye!	Well, goodbye.
It's Xun Zhou.	The star is Na Xie!
[2] You're welcome! Na Xie is a popular host in China. Do you like her?	[2] Of course! Na Xie is a top variety show host! It's natural for me to know a lot about her!
Yes, she also won the Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.	Well, she is a workaholic in the entertainment industry! She's not only good at hosting, but also good at acting!
[3] Well, I'd like to recommend her movie Princess and Seven Kung Fu Masters. It's a good movie!	[3] The pure comedy Princess and Seven Kung Fu Masters is a very funny movie!
The director is Sung Kee Chiu. It has a good reputation!	The directors are Jing Wang and Guomin Jiang. It has a good reputation!
You'll like it!	Well, it won't let you down!
Bye!	Bye!
It's Xiaoming Huang.	It's Xiaoming Huang.
[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Xiaoming Huang, he's the Most Popular Actor of the 17th China Image Film Festival.	[2] You're welcome. He won the Best Supporting Actor of the Asian Film Awards.
Well, you have a good taste. He has also won the 15th Huading Awards for Best Actor.	He was also the Best Actor of the 13th China Changchun Film Festival.
[3] I'd like to recommend his movie Rain to you. It's a beautiful movie.	[3] If you like him so much, you need to see his film Forever Young. It's a rare high-quality art film which deserves your support in recent years.
It's good.	Yes, it does.
It won't let you down.	I hope you like it.
Bye!	Bye.
Today is May 17, 2018.	Today is January 18, 2018.
[2] Today is also Jay Chou's birthday.	[2] Hey, I'm flattered. Today is also Jay Chou's birthday. He was born on January 18, 1979.
He has also won the Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.	Yes, Jay Chou's singing is really good.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] His song Free Tutorial Video is recommended to you!
Not bad.	Well, the reputation of this song is very good. Jay has been making progress and taking the lead, but few people can keep up with him.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Yes, can I play it for you?
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, it's playing.
OK, see ya!	OK, Goodbye.
Hello, I've been too busy with my work recently.	Hello, I just got paid recently!
Thank you!	Thank you for your congratulations!
My name is Yu Wang.	Hello, my name is Jiao Zhang.
I'm a man, of course.	I'm a woman.
I'm 26 years old.	I'm 26 now.
I like following stars, listening to music and so on.	I love stars and watching movies.
Well, I like the movie Unforgetable.	Well, I like the movie Bodyguards and Assassins.
[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.	[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.
I'm very happy today. I got paid today.	The work is hard, but it pays off.
I got promoted, so I'm happy.	I got paid, I don't need to worry too much now.
My favorite is And I Hate You So.	I like And I Hate You So best.
It must be Na Xie.	I like Aaron Kwok best.
Yeah, I've always liked him.	Let's talk about his achievements.
He's amazing.	It seems that his acting is excellent.
I've seen it. I don't want to see it now.	I've seen this, can you change it?
What's the score?	How do people say about it?
Then I'll watch it when I have time.	I'll go and have a look now.
Bye!	Bye!
Good evening.	Good evening.
I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	It's very good. I've made progress.
Not really for movies at the moment.	Sorry, I don't want to talk about movies at the moment.
Yes, she is my favorite star.	I like Na Xie very much. She is a good straightforward girl.
Yeah, I really like her.	Speaking of hosting, she won the China TV Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.
I've heard this song before.	It's really good. I've heard it before.
I haven't heard this song. Is it catchy?	Yeah, I haven't heard this song.
OK, I'll listen to it.	I can't wait to hear that.
Sure.	Yes, yes.
[6] OK, I'm going to eat. Let's talk later.	Then I have to enjoy it.
OK, goodbye.	OK, see ya!
Today is September 12, 2018.	It's April 16, 2018.
[2] Today is also Jiong He's birthday.	[2] By the way, today is Hsu Chi's birthday! Even women think she is sexy.
Yes, she is excellent. She has also won Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress.	She is not only beautiful, but also very good at acting. She once won the Best Actress of the Asian Film Awards.
[3] I recommend you to see her movie, The Crescent. The style of the movie is good.	[3] If you like, I'd like to recommend her movie City of Glass, which tells a memory of pure love!
It's good.	It's good!
I'm sure you'll like it.	You will have a good experience.
Bye!	Bye!
I'm so happy recently. I got paid.	Good morning. I've been under a lot of pressure in study recently.
Yeah, just a little pressure.	OK, thank you for your encouragement, I will work harder!
I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music for the time being.
I like Jay Chou very much.	Jay Chou is my favorite star!
Yes, my idol is excellent.	Yes, I like his songs very much.
I've seen this one. Change it.	I've seen the film and I don't want to see it for the time being.
What's the score of this movie?	Who directed the film?
I'll see it when I have time.	OK, that sounds good. I'll see it when I get a chance.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is September 16, 2018.	Hello, today is July 10, 2018.
[2] Today is Jacky Cheung's birthday.	[2] Hey, hey, I also know today is Jacky Cheung's birthday. He was born on July 10, 1961.
Yes, he also won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Original Film Song.	It's right to like him. He is a model man! And he is good at acting.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his song Self Directed Act. The whole song combines the seductive voice of Jacky Cheung and the hip-hop elements of Hong Kong, so that rap music can be better combined with Chinese traditional culture.	Yes, he won the Best Mandarin Male Singer of the Taiwan Golden Melody Awards!
[3] Do you want to listen to the song named "All the Way"? This song is sung by Jacky Cheung. It's very nice.	[3] One of his songs Can't Fight The Feeling is recommended to you. This super singer sings beautifully!
Yes, it's a very good song. It's very popular.	It's really worth listening to. Only a super singer can sing it well.
[4] OK, do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you have time now? I can play it for you.
OK, playing for you.	OK, now let's play Can't Fight The Feeling for you.
I'm glad you like it.	Yeah, I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	Byebye!
Hello, Lhasa today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be - 3 ℃ and low - 12 ℃. Remember to wear more clothes.	Good afternoon, my friend, here is the latest weather information on Xi'an: it turns from sunny to cloudy with eastern winds, the high will be 23 ℃, and low 7 ℃.
[2] You're welcome. This kind of weather is suitable for listening to Orchid Pavillion. It's the song of Jay Chou. It's very nice.	[2] Hehe, it's a nice day to have Sautéed Sweet and Sour Pork Tenderloin!
The taste of tenderloin is really great. You can try it.	Many people like it, it's very good.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend a good restaurant named Happy dumplings to you. The Sautéed Sweet and Sour Pork Tenderloin in this restaurant is very delicious.	[3] If you want to have it, you can go to Zhongtian Sichuan Cuisine (Normal University Store) which takes reservations. The dish there is excellent!
The price per capita is 39 yuan and the address is No.88, Normal University Road, Yanta District. The score is 4.2, very high!	Well, its average price is 29, and the address is No. 26 Normal University Road, Yanta District (near the ICBC Normal University Branch). The score is 5!
Okay, I'll make a reservation for you now!	OK, I believe your family will love it.
All right. Bye!	Well, I'll leave you alone, goodbye!
Hello	Hi.
I'm very happy recently. I've been promoted.	Recently, I've lagged behind in my study. I'm sad.
My name is Xinqian Zhang.	I see, my name is Lingwen Niu.
I'm a girl.	I'm a girl.
I'm only six years old.	I'm six now.
I like small animals, watching animation and listening to children's songs.	I like small animals, watching animations and listening to children's songs.
[6] Well, I'm going to study. Let's talk next time.	[6] OK, I know. I'm going home. See you later.
Bye!	Goodbye.
Good afternoon!	Hello, I'm at school. I just finished class.
I didn't do well in the exam.	Ah, when it comes to study, I'm very unhappy. Recently, I've lagged behind in my study. I'm mentally tired.
I like watching Happy Running.	Speaking of movies, my favorite is Happy Running!
My favorite star is Nicholas Tse.	I like Na Xie best.
Yes, she is a host with high EQ.	Yes. She's a very professional hostess.
She's very famous. She's a goddess in my heart.	I didn't expect you to know so much.
I'm not interested in this movie.	No, I've seen the film.
I'm sure it won't let me down.	Eh, this is OK. Who is the director of this film?
OK, I'll watch it when I have time.	Wow, I'm looking forward to seeing it!
See ya!	OK, I'll see it, goodbye!
Good afternoon!	What's up?
It's good. I did well in the exam.	It's OK, but my work is a little boring.
My name is Pinglu Liu.	My name is Jingqian Liu.
Yeah, you're smart.	Yeah, I'm a girl.
I'm 26 years old.	I am 38.
I like listening to music and watching movies.	I like to listen to music and watch movies.
Well, I like the movie My Rice Noodle Shop.	Well, I like Bright Heart.
[6] Well, I have something else to do.Goodbye.	[6] Well, I have something else to do. Talk to you later.
Kris Wu.	It's Kris Wu
[2] You're welcome. Kris Wu is a popular idol.	[2] Speaking of Kris Wu, he is a warm man who is enthusiastic in promoting public welfare.
He also won the Best New Actor Award of the 3rd China International Film Festival London and the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony	Yes, a high-quality idol. He won the Outstanding Young Person at Sina Entertainment's 15th Anniversary Celebration.
[3] You can listen to Kris Wu's Self Directed Act, which is a song with a good melody and clear and moving voice.	[3] Hee hee, it's mainly because he's so excellent. I recommend you to listen to Chinese Soul which integrates Eastern and Western elements for innovation. It is a good combination of rap music and traditional Chinese culture.
Yes, you can listen to it.	Yeah, you need to hear it.
[4] Shall I play it for you now?	[4] Do you want to listen to it now?
OK, it's playing.	It's on.
You're welcome. I'm glad you like it.	OK, I'm glad you like it.
Goodbye.	See ya!
The lead singer of this song is Jay Chou.	Yeah, it's Jay Chou.
[2] You're welcome. Jay Chou is the king of Asian pop. Do you like him?	[2] You must be a fan of Jay Chou. I also know that he won two Taiwan Golden Melody Awards for Best Mandarin Male Singer.
You really have a good taste. He has also won the 15th Huading Award for Best Singer in Asia.	And he won four World Music Awards for Best Selling Chinese Artist.
[3] Yes, you can listen to his Rain. It's a beautiful song. Jay Chou sings with gentle voice. It's very good. I recommend it to you.	[3] I'd like to recommend Rain written by Jay Chou. In the movie Secret, it appears two times.
Yes, it's really good.	Listen to it, you'll love it.
[4] May I play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
OK, see ya!	All right, goodbye.
Good afternoon!	Hi.
Yes. I've made progress in my study.	Today I got a bonus.
I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music now.
OK, I like him very much. He is an excellent host, and he is also the winner of the Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.	OK. I like him very much.
Excellent. He is really excellent.	And he's particularly kind. He was the Charitable Star for Chinese Children.
I don't want to see it now.	I've seen this one.
Is Jiong He's song catchy?	What kind of movie is it?
I'll see it when I have time.	OK, I see. I'll see it when I have time.
Bye!	See ya!
It's Jay Chou.	It's Jay Chou.
[2] Speaking of Jay Chou, he is one of the Ten Outstanding Young Persons of the world. He is very excellent.	[2] Of course, I also know that he is an asian idol.
Yes, he is also the first post-90s artist to enter the Hong Kong music scene.	Mm-hmm. He also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Original Film Song.
[3] You can listen to the song All the Things You Never Knew sung by him. It is also a classic in Jay Chou's career.	[3] Well, his song Rain is very good. It's a piano piece written by Jay Chou. In the movie Secret, it appears two times.
Yes, it's very popular.	Yes, many people add it to their song lists.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you need me to play this song for you?
OK, it's playing for you.	Well, it's playing. Please enjoy it.
OK, see ya!	Yeah, bye!
Good evening.	Good evening.
It's easy.	I'm very happy today. My boss gave me a promotion.
I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music for the time being.
I like him very much. He is a very good singer.	My idol is Jacky Cheung. He is a super singer.
Yes, I like his songs very much.	Yes, I like him just because he is so excellent.
I've seen it before.	I'm not interested in this movie. Sorry.
Who is the director?	Who are the stars in this movie?
Then I'll see it.	Yeah, I'll take a look at it some time.
Bye!	Bye!
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon.
Not bad. I've made progress in my study.	I've been busy recently. I'm a little under pressure at work.
Not really for movies at the moment.	I don't want to talk about movies at the moment. Sorry.
I like her very much. She is my idol.	Yes, I like her very much. She's really a cool actress.
She is perfect. I like her so much.	I really adore her. I will always like her.
I've heard this song. Anything else?	I've heard this song. I don't want to hear it.
This one I've never listened to.	Did she sing it, too? Is that nice?
I really want to hear it.	Since you said so, I'll listen to it when I have time.
OK, play it.	Yes, play it.
[6] OK, I'm going to work. Talk to you next time.	It's really nice. I've added it to my song list.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is April 28, 2018.	Today is November 6, 2018.
[2] Do you know that today is Kris Wu's birthday?	[2] Hee hee, by the way, today turns from cloudy to overcast. The high will be 13 ℃ and low - 1 ℃. The temperature difference is big.
I'll always be your sweetest baby.	Remember to keep warm and don't catch a cold.
Bye!	All right. Bye.
It's 6 p.m.	It's 20:00 in Beijing.
[2] I'm flattered. It's cloudy with northwest winds today. The high will be 21 ℃ and low 13 ℃.	[2] Hee hee, Im flattered. By the way, today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 0 ℃. Remember to put on/off clothes according to the temperature.
You're welcome.	It's nice chatting with you.
OK, goodbye.	See ya!
Today's weather in Haikou is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be - 6 ℃ and low - 13 ℃.	Today's weather in Yinchuan turns from sunny to cloudy with southeast winds. The high will be 7 ℃ and low - 5 ℃. Today is cold. Keep warm.
[2] You're welcome. Such weather is suitable for eating Sautéed Sweet and Sour Pork Tenderloin.	[2] You're welcome. By the way, it's nice to have Marinated Fish in such a cold day.
The key is that this hot dish can warm your stomach.	Fish is very nutritious.
[3] If you want to have it, I recommend you to go to Xiangyuxuan New Hunan Cuisine. The Marinated Fish here is very good.	You really loves Marinated Fish.
Bye!	OK, go ahead, goodbye!
It's Leslie Cheung.	It's Leslie Cheung.
[2] By the way, Leslie Cheung won the Golden Needle Award, the highest honor in Hong Kong music circles.	[2] Leslie Cheung is your idol. He is a versatile artist.
He also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Original Film Song.	You have sharp eyes. Leslie Cheung was nominated for the Best Actor of the Hong Kong Film Awards eight times. His acting skills are really good.
[3] Ha ha, have you seen his movie Moonlight Express? It's a great movie. After watching it, you can feel that there is a deep and sincere emotion that the audience has never before witnessed.	[3] I'd like to recommend a movie named Moonlight Express starring him. It has a very happy ending.
Besides Leslie Cheung, there are Daniel Wu and Daniel Wu.	Takako Tokiwa.
[4] Then I'll leave you alone. Bye.	You're gonna love it.
See ya!	See ya!
Today is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 22 ℃, and low 13 ℃.	Today turns from sunny to overcast, with northern winds, the high will be 25 ℃, and low 10 ℃.
[2] It's a perfect day to have Lamb Kebab.	[2] It's a nice day for you to eat Yu-Shiang Shredded Pork (Sautéed with Spicy Garlic Sauce).
Yes, many people like this hot dish.	Lettuce and carrots are all nutritious. You can have more.
[3] If you want to eat, you can go to the Yu-Shiang Shredded Pork (Shredded Pork (Sautéed with Spicy Garlic Sauce) at Xiangfulou Hunan Restaurant.	[3] You are recommended to have Yu Shiang Shredded Pork (Sautéed with Spicy Garlic Sauce) in Zhongtian Food Sichuan Cuisines (Normal University Store).
The price per capita is 50.	29 yuan. It's not expensive.
The address is No.104, Normal University Road, Yanta District (Exit B of Normal University).	No.26 Shida Road, Yanta District (near ICBC Normal University branch).
3.9 points.	Five, pretty good.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	All right, I'll make a successful reservation.
OK, see ya!	Sure.
It's Bingbing Fan.	Mi Yang.
[2] Mi Yang is a very good actress. She has won the Magnolia Award of Shanghai TV Festival for Most Popular Actress.	[2] Do you like Mi Yang? She is a fashion icon.
She is also the Best Actress of the Houston International Film Festival. You have a good taste.	She was the Most Popular Actress of the China TV Golden Eagle Awards. There are a lot of people who like her.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend you Mi Yang's Love Now. It's an affection movie. It's not bad.	[3] If you like her, I'd like to recommend her movie Fall In Love Like A Star, which is called "a love blockbuster that attracts the attention of single men and women". It's worth seeing.
Besides Mi Yang, there are Xiaoming Huang, Yuya Wang, and Zhaohui Mai.	Mi Yang, Yifeng Li, Shu Chen and Yaoqing Wang.
You're going to love it.	OK, hope you like it.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is January 18, 2018.	Today is October 22, 2018~
[2] Today is the birthday of Jimmy Lin, who was born on October 22, 1974.	[2] Well, by the way, today turns from moderate rain to light rain with southern winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 7 ℃. The temperature difference is a little big.
Well, you should keep warm.	Yes, put on clothes in time and don't catch a cold.
Bye!	All right. Bye.
It's boring.	Not so good. I feel very tired.
I didn't do well in the exam. I'm so sad.	I have to take care of my grandson every day.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	Yes, my name is Jiaoling Mo.
Yes.	Yeah.
55.0	I'm over 50.
I like to watch movies and listen to music.	Watching movies and the news.
[6] Yes, I have something else to do.Goodbye.	[6] OK, I'm going to have a rest. I'll talk to you next time.
Good morning.	Good morning.
It's good recently. I've made progress in my study.	It's very good. The work is very easy.
Not really for movies at the moment.	But I don't want to talk about movies now.
I like her very much.	I like her very much. I like her delicacy and flexibility.
I think so. She also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress.	She is really born for performing arts, an unprecedented actress.
I've heard it. I don't want to hear it now.	I'm not interested in this song. Is there anything else?
It sounds good.	Really? I haven't listened to it before.
I'm looking forward to it.	Well, I'll listen to it.
Yes, please.	Yes, please.
[6] Well, I'm going to work. I'll talk to you next time.	[6] I'm at the office. See you later.
See ya!	Yeah, bye!
OK, playing for you.	OK, here it goes.
[2] Do you want to listen to the song Time Boils The Rain? It's an episode of the TV series Don't Love Me.	[2] OK, by the way, this song Another Heaven by Leehom Wang is also good. It is very romantic and artistic. It expresses the deep love between lovers.
What about November Rain? It's a song full of pictures and imagination. It's also a very positive song. I recommend it to you.	OK, another song Bridge of Faith is also recommended to you. It's very nice.
Yeah, it's sung by Leehom Wang. It's a song full of vigor.	You can try it. It should suit your taste.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Hey, hey, can I play this song for you now?
OK, here it goes.	OK, the song is playing for you. Please enjoy it.
OK, bye!	Okay, bye.
It's 8 p.m.	It's 12:00 noon, November 26, 2018, Beijing time.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, today's mostly cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 6 ℃ and low - 3 ℃. Keep warm.	[2] You're welcome. It turns from sunny to cloudy today with southwest winds. The high will be 15 ℃ and low 1 ℃. Keep warm!
You're welcome.	You're welcome. It's my pleasure.
OK, see ya!	OK,goodbye.
It's 12:00 at noon.	OK, it's 22:00.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, today it will turn from sunny to cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 21 ℃ and low 13 ℃.	[2] You're welcome. Today is cloudy with southly winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 7 ℃. Keep warm.
You're welcome.	That's what I ought to do.
OK, see ya!	OK, see ya!
Today is cloudy with northeast winds. The high will be 20 ℃ and low 11 ℃.	It's sunny with northern winds. The high will be 16 ℃ and low 10 ℃.
[2] Thank you for your praise. It's a good day to listen to the song There's a place. This song interprets the feeling of loneliness and powerlessness between men and women for love.	[2] I also know that you can listen to the song She's Gone Far Away during the lunch break. It is a gentle love song with sad and beautiful melody.
It's Jacky Cheung.	It's Jacky Cheung.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	Yes, you can't miss it~
[3] Do you want me to play it for you?	[3] Let me play this song for you.
OK, it's playing for you.	She's Gone Far Away is playing for you.
Bye!	All right. Bye!
Today is November 13, 2018.	Today is December 8, 2018.
[2] I'm flattered. Today is also Xiaoming Huang's birthday. He was born on December 8, 1977.	[2] Here is today's weather report. There will be showers and southwest winds. The high will be 17 ℃ and low 7 ℃. The temperature difference is large.
Yes, keep warm.	Yes, remember to put on clothes in time and don't catch a cold.
See ya!	OK, see ya!
Today's weather is sunny with southwest winds. The high will be 6 ℃ and low - 4 ℃.	It turns from showers to light rain with southly winds. The high will be 17 ℃, and low 7 ℃.
[2] It's a good day to eat Spicy Crawfish.	[2] It's a nice day to have Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce.
This hot dish is really good. It won't let you down.	Then this hot dish is to your taste.
Well, it's delicious.	Yes, I hope you like it.
Bye!	OK, I won't disturb you. Bye.
OK, I'm playing Bosom Friend for you.	It's playing for you.
[2] It's my pleasure. Leslie Cheung's song Where Are You Now is also very nice. I recommend it to you.	[2] Hee hee, there's another song he sang, Change Me (Live), which is a rock song. You can listen to it.
Well, how about November Rain? It's a song about memories.	Well, there's another song that you've never heard, All the Things You Never Knew. Both the melody and the movie-centered lyrics are impressive. Why don't you listen to it?
Not only the melody is catchy, but also the lyrics are beautiful.	Listen to it once, and you'll never stop.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you?
It's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
You are welcome.	You are welcome.
OK, bye!	OK, bye!
Virgo.	Leslie Cheung is a Virgo.
[2] Of course, I also know that he is the first famous Chinese singer to be famous in South Korea.	[2] Of course, and I know Leslie Cheung is a typical perfectionist.
He has won the Golden Melody Award for Best Mandarin Male Singer twice.	He's indeed a great singer and actor. He was also one of Asia's 25 Greatest Actors selected by CNN.
[3] Ha ha, I'd like to recommend his song Rain. It's very nice.	[3] You're right. I just want to recommend you a good documentary Yang ± Yin: Gender in Chinese Cinema starred by him.
The film has a good reputation.	It's good.
Hope you'll like it.	Mm-hmm, it's worth seeing.
See ya!	Yeah, bye!
Of course. His height is 180cm.	He's 180cm.
[2] Thank you. Xiaoming Huang is a perfect man. And he has won the Excellent Actor Award of the 32nd Hundred Flowers Awards.	[2] Hehe, it's OK. I also know that he was the National Goodwill Ambassador of the UNAIDS.
Yeah, he's really good at acting. He has won the 15th Huabiao Award for Best Actor.	Well, people who work hard are rewarded.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend his movie, The Bare-Footed Kid, to you. It's a good movie.	[3] That's why his films and TV works are always of high quality. Woman Who Flirt starred by him is very good. It tells a story of a tough woman who successfully beats an angelic bitch.
It's good.	It's okay.
Yeah, it's worth seeing	Yeah, I hope you like it.
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
Yes, he is 175cm tall.	Hello, Leehom Wang's height is 180cm.
[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Leehom Wang, he is the Best Male Singer in the Global Chinese Golden Chart.	[2] Hehe, it seems that you are very proud of Leehom Wang. He deserves to be called a top singer.
Yes, he has been shortlisted for the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart for two times. He has been shortlisted for the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart twice.	Yes, Leehom Wang not only looks good, but also sings well. He is also an excellent movie actor.
[3] Well, I'd like to recommend his song Chinese Zodiac (Live). It's very catchy. It's a song with Chinese zodiac. The melody of the song is very catchy.	[3] Hehe, Leehom Wang has a beautiful song Chinese Zodiac (Live). Maybe you can take time to listen to it and relax. It is a folk song of traditional Chinese time units and signs. The light melody and catchy lyrics make this song popular among many people.
Yes, it's a very classic song.	Yes, it is more than a song. Listening to it more can also help people remember the 12 animals of the Chinese zodiac.
[4] Do you want me to play this song for you now?	[4] Can I play this song for you now?
OK, playing Chinese Zodiac (Live) for you.	I will play the song Chinese Zodiac (Live) for you.
All right. Bye!	OK, I'll talk to you next time.
Hello, the star of this movie is Xun Zhou.	Hello, it's Na Xie.
[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Na Xie, she's very beautiful. She has won the Best Actress of the Golden Eagle Award.	[2] You're welcome. You know, Na Xie was a winner of the China TV Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.
She was born on January 18, 1974.	Na Xie's birthday is May 6, 1981. She's a Taurus.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend you a movie named The Bare-Footed Kid. It's very good. It's a good domestic animation. It's not bad.	[3] If you like her so much, I recommend a movie " Princess and Seven Kung Fu Masters by Na Xie. She even plays quiz games in it.
Chongji Zhao.	It's Jing Wong.
I'm sure it won't let you down.	[4] Well, you'll love it.
See ya!	OK, see ya!
He's Capricorn.	He's a Capricorn.
[2] I also know that he is the first male star on the cover of authoritative magazines.	[2] Speaking of Jay Chou, he was selected as one of Asia's 25 Most Influential Characters by CNN.
He has also won the 15th Huading Award for Best Singer in the world.	You really have a good taste. Jay Chou was the Best Mandarin Male Singer of two Taiwan Golden Melody Awards.
[3] Speaking of Jay Chou, I recommend his song Secret to you. The song is very good. It tells you the secret of a romantic love. It's a beautiful song.	[3] I'd like to recommend you Free Tutorial Video by Jay Chou. It's very good. There are all kinds of lovely little things in it.
Yes, you can listen to it.	You can listen to it. The content will attract you too.
[4] May I play it for you now?	[4] Do you want to play Free Tutorial Video now?
Free Tutorial Video is playing for you.	Free Tutorial Video is playing for you.
See ya!	OK, see ya!
Today is May 17, 2018.	It's November 6th, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, today is Kris Wu's birthday.	[2] You're welcome. You know, today is also Kris Wu's birthday.
He is the Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony in 2015.	He is a popular star and he won the Asian Fashion Idol of the Sohu Fashion Awards.
[3] He is a well-known star in China. Do you like his songs? I recommend one of his songs, You're Not Here, to you.	[3] His song Hold Me Down is very good. It describes a young man's selfless dedication for the beloved with no fear of gossip. You can listen to it.
It seems that you are a fan of him.	Your idol will never let you down.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Can I play it for you now?
OK, playing for you.	It's playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	Bye!
Good afternoon!	Hello, friend!
I'm so happy recently. I got a promotion.	I'm very happy with the recent bonus.
I like the movie Double Tap best.	I like the movie Double Tap best.
Mi Yang, of course.	Haha, that's Leslie Cheung, of course.
Yeah, I really like him.	That's for sure, he's the most popular star in the Chinese entertainment industry!
He's not only good at acting, but also singing.	This is the most pitiful thing.
I'm not interested in this film.	I've seen this. Anything else?
What kind of movie is it?	What kind of movie is it?
I'll watch it when I have time.	I really like this type of film. I'll see it when I have time.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm going to have a rest. See you next time!	[6] Mm-hmm. I'll go home first and see you later.
Bye!	Goodbye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	It's ten o'clock in the evening, August 26, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is the birthday of Bo Huang, who was born on August 26, 1974.	[2] You're welcome. Let me tell you a secret. Today is the birthday of Bo Huang, a mainland actor~
Bo Huang is also one of the Top Ten Outstanding Young Persons in Shandong Province. He is very excellent.	Bo Huang's acting skills are very good, and he won the Taiwan Golden Horse Award for Best Actor. Do you like him because of his play?
[3] I'd like to recommend a movie Bo Huang starred in. It's called The Sun Washed by Spring Rain. It's a good movie.	[3] I'll recommend the movie No Man's Land starring him to you. The originality and humor of the movie are good.
The director of the film is Chung-Man Hai.	The director is Hao Ning.
I'm sure it won't let you down.	Hope you'll like it.
Bye!	See ya!
Hello, Jay Chou is 175cm tall.	OK, Jay Chou is 175cm tall.
[2] You're welcome. Speaking of Jay Chou, he is the Most Popular Male Singer of Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards.	[2] It's OK. You're welcome. I also know that Jay Chou won the Top Ten Best Selling Mandarin Records of the Hong Kong Top Sales Music Awards for seven consecutive years.
Yes, he's really outstanding. He has won the Best Selling Chinese Singer of the World Music Awards eight times and the Best Selling Chinese Singer of the World Music Awards four times.	He was also selected as one of Asia's 25 Most Influential Characters by CNN. It's amazing for him to be recognized internationally!
[3] I recommend you to listen to the song Chinese Zodiac (Live). It's an old song, and the lyrics are very charming. The lyrics are also very meaningful.	[3] His song Free Tutorial Video is very nice. Some people say that Jay has been making progress and taking the lead! You can tell it's a great song.
I'm sure you'll like it.	You will love it!
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want to play this song?
Free Tutorial Video is playing.	Now let's play Free Tutorial Video for you.
You're welcome. I'm glad you like it. Bye!	You're welcome. Listen to the music first and we can talk when you have time.
Of course, it's Na Xie.	It's Na Xie.
[2] Hee hee, I also know that Na Xie won the China TV Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.	[2] Thank you for your praise. Na Xie is a great person. She was the Excellent Host of the China TV Golden Eagle Awards.
Na Xie is a very good host. She also won the Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host.	According to some comments, she has a legendary good-luck face which brings fortune to her husband in the entertainment industry.
[3] She is not only a good host, but also a good actress. She starred in the movie "Secret," which is very good.	[3] Na Xie has played in many movies. I recommend you to see Nana's Rose War. Na Xie displays her true self and her lines are very funny.
7.3.	Five points.
OK, you'll love it.	[4] Well, goodbye then. I wish you a happy life!
It's Xiaoming Huang.	It's Xiaoming Huang.
[2] Thank you. Xiaoming Huang is a superstar. Of course I know him.	[2] Thank you for your praise. By the way, he was one of the Top Ten Outstanding Youth of Shandong Province.
Yes, he is a great actor and a very good singer.	Yes, his acting is very good.
[3] I'd like to recommend his movie, I Waited Until the Flower Withered, to you. It's a very touching movie. I hope you like it.	[3] They come from life, but stand higher than life. Only a movie which tells a good story can be called a good movie. I recommend you to see a very good movie American Dreams in China starring Xiaoming Huang.
The director of the film is Ho-cheung Pang.	The film is directed by Kexin Chen.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Have a good time!
See ya!	Bye!
He's Capricorn.	He's a Capricorn.
[2] Speaking of Jay Chou, he is the most popular male singer in Asia.	[2] Speaking of Jay Chou, he was the Best Mandarin Male Singer of two Taiwan Golden Melody Awards and the box office of his Sydney concert in 2009 ranked second on the Billboard.
Yes, he is a very talented singer and won the Golden Horse Award for Best Original Song.	You really have a good taste. He won four World Music Awards for Best Selling Chinese Artist.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Floral Sea to you. It's a song full of island style. Jay Chou sings with island tune, which has a soothing power.	[3] I'd like to recommend a song Secret by Jay Chou. It's a very nice British rock song, which tells a romantic love story with a bit of suspense. Unlike his previous piano music which shows his perseverance and determination, it is full of loneliness and vicissitudes from beginning to end, simple but touching.
You'll like it.	Yes, the name is interesting and the content is more interesting.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play Secret for you now?
Secret is playing for you.	Secret is playing for you.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
It's sunny with northwest winds today. The high will be 2 ℃ and low - 10 ℃.	It's mostly cloudy with southeast wind. The highest temperature will be 7 ℃, and lowest - 1 ℃.
[2] It is suitable for eating Steamed Chicken with Chili Sauce in such weather.	[2] You're welcome. In addition, today's weather is the most suitable for listening to You're Not Here(Live). This song interprets the feeling of loneliness and powerlessness between men and women for love, and has strong penetrating power.
You can listen to it. It's very catchy.	It's terrific. It's a very touching song by Leehom.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?
It's playing for you.	Here it goes.
Bye!	Bye!
Xiaoming Huang.	Nicholas Tse.
[2] Thank you. Nicholas Tse is an excellent actor. He has won the Most Anticipated Actor of the Chinese Film Media Award.	[2] Thank you for your praise. By the way, he's the youngest movie king level actor among all the singers.
He is also the winner of the Best Supporting Actor of the Asian Film Awards. You have a good taste.	He not only sings very well, but also acts first-class!
[3] Nicholas Tse's acting is also very good. I recommend his movie The Bare-Footed Kid to you.	[3] I happen to have a movie Time and Tide by Nicholas Tse here. This movie is an update of aesthetics and action design, which is very worth seeing.
The score is 7.6.	The film's rating is 7.4.
I'm sure you'll like it.	This movie will definitely bring you a visual experience!
Bye!	Bye!
Good evening. I'm busy with my work recently. I'm very happy.	I'm very happy today. I get paid.
Thank you.	Thank you!
I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to music at the moment, sorry.
Yeah, Jay Chou is my favorite star.	I like him very much. His is really good at singing.
He's really excellent.	That's my favorite star. He's amazing
I've seen it before. I don't want to see it for the moment.	I've seen this one. Can you recommend another one?
Who is the director?	What kind of movie is it?
It's my favorite type. I want to see it.	It sounds good. I'll have a look!
[5] I'm going to dinner. Talk later.	[5] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm going to bed. Talk to you next time
Bye!	Bye!
Good evening.	Good evening.
Nothing. I'm in a good mood.	I just got paid so I'm planning to have a trip somewhere.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	But I don't want to talk about movies now.
I like him very much.	I like him.
Yeah, his acting is really good.	Because he is really excellent.
I've heard this song. Any other recommendations?	I've heard this song. Any other recommendations?
Sounds good.	Is the leading singer of this song Xiaoming Huang?
Then I'll listen to it.	You can listen to it.
Yes.	Yes, please.
OK, it's playing for you.	[6] I have something else to do. Talk to you next time, goodbye.
OK.	OK.
Hello, today is November 6th, 2018.	Hello, today is January 18, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is Jay Chou's birthday.	[2] You're welcome. Today is also Jay Chou's birthday. He was born on January 18, 1979.
Jay Chou is also the king of Chinese Pop. He is also the Most Popular Asian Artist of Channel V.	Jay Chou is a very outstanding Taiwanese celibrity. He has won Golden Melody Award for Best Mandarin Male Singer twice in Taiwan.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his Floral Sea. It's a song full of island customs. Jay Chou sings in a gentle way, which makes people feel warm and comfortable.	[3] Then I recommend another song from him, Rain, which is very good and will get you goose bumps.
Yes, it's really good. Many people like it.	It's also Jay Chou's work. Believe me, you'll definitely love it.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you want me to play it for you?
I'm playing Rain for you.	Now here it goes.
Bye!	Let's talk next time, goodbye.
Today's sunny with northwest winds. The high will be 19 ℃ and low 7 ℃.	The weather in Foshan today is overcast to cloudy with north wind. The maximum temperature is 25 ℃ and the minimum temperature is 19 ℃.
[2] I also know that this kind of weather is very suitable for eating Marinated Fish.	[2] Lol, in this weather, it's so pleasant to have a delicious Red-Cooked Pork.
It's a very popular dish.	Red-Cooked Pork is really delicious.
[3] You can order Red-Cooked Pork at Dongting Lake Hunan Cuisine.	[3] If you want to eat, I recommend you to Dongting Lake Hunan Cuisine, whose specialty is Red-Cooked Pork. You can make a reservation in advance
The price per person is 39 yuan.	It costs about 35 yuan.
The score is 3.9.	It's 3.5.
It's on the fourth floor of Zhubang City Square, Qingnian Road, Kuancheng District.	It is located at No.2, Jiaobian Zhongyue Xincun Street,, Huangqi Village (opposite to Hongqi Shopping Mall)
Sure, no problem.	Sure, no problem.
All right. Bye!	OK, see ya!
Today is May 17, 2018.	It is July 10th, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is Jacky Cheung's birthday.	[2] Today is Jacky Cheung's birthday.
He is the Outstanding Asian Artist at the ChannelV.	Ah you like him. He's a recognized actor and has won the Best Supporting Actor of the 8th Hong Kong Film Awards.
[3] I recommend you to see his The Crescent. It's a good movie.	[3] It seems that you like to see his movies very much. I'd like to recommend a Chinese Ghost Story III, which is better than the second one. Shifang and Chixia Yan are very funny.
It's a feature film.	It's a horror film with a set of action and fantasy.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I'm sure you'll like it.
Bye!	See ya!
Of course I know. It's Bingbing Fan.	It's Xun Zhou.
[2] Xun Zhou is an excellent actress. She has won the Best Actress of Golden Rooster Award.	[2] Lol thanks. Actually I know more about her. For example, she has won the Golden Eagle Award for the Most Popular Actress.
She has also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actress and the Hundred Flowers Award for Best Actress.	Her acting skills are also very good. She has also won the best Actress of the Golden Horse Award in Taiwan and Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress.
[3] I'd like to recommend you a movie named The Bare-Footed Kid starred by her. The style of the movie is very good.	[3] Indeed, if you are interested, you can have see her film, Life and Death Plunder, which reflects the life of modern urban women in China.
It's good.	Good reputation.
You won't be disappointed.	[4] OK, take a look and  don't go to bed too late, goodbye.
Bye!	OK.
Ruby Lin's blood type is O.	Her blood type is B.
[2] Thank you. Ruby Lin is a popular idol. You have good taste.	[2] I'm flattered. She is so great of course I know her so well.
Yes, she has won Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress and China TV Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress.	It's not difficult for me. She has won the 5th Seoul International Drama Awards for Most Popular Actress.
[3] Of course, she is excellent. I'd like to recommend a movie named Ruby Lin to you. It's very good. It's called Ruby Lin's Impossible to Miss You.	[3]Lol, and her acting skills are excellent. I'd like to recommend a movie starred by her, Fallen City, a movie about all kinds of life. One's life is wandering between right and wrong, love and hate, joy and pain.
It's Bingbing Fan, of course.	Besides your favorite Ruby Lin, there are Jue Huang and  Yongdai Ding.
You're going to love it.	A movie well worth seeing
OK, see ya!	Okay. Listen carefully in class. Bye~
Good afternoon!	Good evening!
I'm very happy. I've made progress in my study.	Recently, my work is easy and I have nothing ton worried,so I'm happy.
My name is Qizhen Ji.	Yes, my name is Liyu Mo.
Yeah.	I should be an old man.
I'm 36 years old.	I'm 51 years old.
I like stars, watching movies and news.	I like listening to music and chasing stars, lol.
[6] Yeah, I'm going to have a rest. I'll talk with you next time.	[6] Yes, my colleagues asked me to have a meal. Talk to you next time.
Bye!	Bye!
Today's weather is sunny with northwest winds. The high will be - 4 ℃ and low - 13 ℃.	Beijing on Nov. 25, 2018: it's sunny with southeast wind. The highest temperature will be 10 ℃ and lowest - 3 ℃.  It's cold, please keep warm.
[2] It's a good day to eat Mapo Tofu.	[2] It is the most suitable for eating Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce in such weather.
This hot dish is very popular.	It is a very popular dish!
[3] If you want to eat, I recommend you to go to the Little Pink Fish Sichuan Cuisine. Sautéed Pork in Hot Pepper Sauce is their specialty.	[3] If you want to taste it, I'd like to recommend you a restaurant, Wushan Marinated Fish Sichuan and Hunan Cuisine.
The average spending there is 31. It's very affordable.	It's located at 7th Floor, New Generation Mall, No.9 Tangzi Hutong, Xidan North Street, Xicheng District.It costs 61 yuan per person and the rating is 4.2. It's a good choice!
OK, I'll do it now.	Alright, I'm on it.
Bye!	Bye!
Good afternoon.	Good afternoon!
Not bad. I've made progress in my study.	I'm not very good. I've lagged behind in study
My name is Ming Sun.	My name is Mingqi Ren.
You are so smart.	Yes,I'm very handsome boy.
I'm eight years old.	I'm 20.
I like listening to music.	I like listening to music.
[6] Yeah, I'm going to study. Bye.	[6] Well, I'm home. Bye.
Good morning.	Good morning.
On the way home.	Recently I did not do well in the exam, so I'm in a bad mood
I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to talk about music for the time being.
Yes, I like him very much	Okay,he's my favorite host. He has devoted his whole youth to the stage.
Yes, he is really excellent.	And he is forever the caterpillar - I like his hosting style!
I'm not interested in this movie.	I don't want to see it for the moment.
Who is the director?	What kind movie is it?
I really want to see it.	Who is the leading actor?
OK, I'll see it.	Then I'll go have a look.
See ya!	See ya!
Today is May 17, 2018.	It's April 28, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, today is also the birthday of Jiong He.	[2] You're welcome. Today is also the birthday of Jiong He, the host of mango TV.
Yes, he is also a very excellent host. He has won the Best Entertainment Show Host of New Weekly.	Yes, he has won the 7th Golden Broom Award in 2016.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song Self Directed Act. It's a song about the courage and confidence to break through the pressure of study. I hope you like it.	[3] Mm-hmm, I'm never tired of listening to the monologue at the beginning of his Lonely Shadow!
Yes, it's a very affectionate song.	Yes, it's emotional, warm and healing.
[4] Can I play it for you now?	[4] Okay shall I play it now?
OK, it's playing for you.	OK, playing for you.
All right. Bye!	OK, see ya!
Good morning.	Good morning.
Not bad. I got a good result in the exam.	Work is boring.
The Era.	I'm A Good Friend
Yes, he is excellent. He has also won the Most Popular Male TV Host in China Student Television Festival.	You know, I've been watching his show all the time. It's wonderful.
Yes, his hosting skills are really excellent.	So, I like him very much.
I've heard this song.	Sorry, I'm not interested in this song.
It's a good name.	It sounds like a good song.
OK, thank you.	Then I want to hear it.
Yes, please.	Sure.
I like it very much. Thank you for your recommendation.	[6] It's a good song, but I'm arriving at the office.
Bye!	Bye!
Good evening.	Good evening.
I'm so happy that I got my bonus today.	I'm very good, and I just got paid today.
My favorite movie is Future Cops.	Future Cops,
I like Aaron Kwok best.	My favorite is Jimmy Lin.
Yes, he is also the first paid professional racing driver in Taiwan.	Yes, it's him. He is so perfect that I don't know how to describe him.
He's a perfect man.	He is such a perfect man with a forever young appearance along with a young heart!
I've seen this one.	Of course, and I've seen it.
It's really worth seeing.	Who is the director?
OK, I'll see it when I have time.	It must be good. I'm going to have a look.
See ya!	See ya!
Today is January 18, 2018.	It's November 19, 2018.
[2] You know what? Today is also Xiaoming Huang's birthday.	[2]  Lol, just a friendly reminder, It's sunny with variable winds today. The highest temperature will be 10 ℃ and lowest - 3 ℃.
You're welcome.	You're welcome.It's enjoyable to talk with you.
OK, see ya!	Goodbye.
It's good.	I've gained a lot today. Do you want to hear it?
OK, thank you.	I got paid today, lol.
I don't want to listen to music now.	I don't want to listen to it for the moment. Please recommend another one.
I don't want to talk about him.	I want to know his achievements.
His songs are really great.	It seems that he is really powerful.
I've seen it.	I've seen this one. Please recommend another one.
It sounds good. I'm going to see it.	What's the type of this movie?
That sounds good. I'll see it when I have time.	OK, sounds good. I'll go and have a look.
See ya!	OK, see ya!
Jay Chou is 175cm tall.	175cm.
[2] Speaking of Jay Chou, he is the Most Popular Male Singer in the Jade Solid Gold Best 10 Awards four times.	[2] Jay Chou is an entertainment and sports star
Yeah, he's great. He is also one of the Top Ten Most Influential People in Asia of CNN.	Yes, he is one of top singers in Taiwan.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his song Rain. It's a very good song.	[3] I'd like to recommend one of his songs, Snake Dance. The whole song combines Egyptian and Middle Eastern folk music styles with hip-hop, as well as seductive singing, creating a unique and charming hip-hop duet song.
Yeah, it's very popular.	Yes, it's a good song.
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Do you need me to play it for you?
It's playing for you.	There you go.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Bye!	Bye!
Today is sunny with southwest winds. The high will be - 4 ℃ and low - 13 ℃.	Shenyang is sunny with southwest wind. The highest temperature will be 18 ℃ and lowest 3 ℃.
[2] This kind of weather is suitable for eating Sautéed Beef Fillet.	[2] This kind of warm weather is more suitable for eating Poached Spicy Slices of Pork.
Yes, this hot dish can warm your stomach.	Yes, this hot dish is the best.
[3] If you want to eat, I recommend you to go to Wanzhou Roasted Fish. Their Poached Spicy Slices of Pork is their specialty.	[3] Poached Spicy Slices of Pork of Four Girls Sichuan Cuisine tastes good. You can try it.
56 yuan.	It costs 49 yuan each person.
The address is No.123 Liuxiangnan Road, Xigong District (near ICBC Normal University branch).	It's located at No. 31-4 Nujiang North Street, Yuhong District.
It's 3.9.	4.5.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you.	All right.
Bye!	You're welcome, goodbye.
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon!
I'm on my way home.	I'm at the office.
I like the movie named A West Lake Moment best.	I think A West Lake Moment is good.
It's Bingbing Fan.	Xun Zhou for sure.
Yeah, she's my favorite star.	Lol, I like this woman's chicness.
Ha ha, I hope she can be better and better.	Yes, such female stars are rare.
I've seen this one.	I've seen it. Please recommend another one.
How's the review?	What kind of style it is?
I'll go to see it sometime.	I'll have a look.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
His birthday is November 6th.	Yes, his birthday is November 6, 1990, and his height is 187cm.
[2] Thank you. Kris Wu is a popular star in China.	[2] He is a popular idol in mainland China, and once won the honor of Outstanding Youth in Sina Entertainment's 15th Anniversary Celebration.
Yes, and he won the Best Newcomer Award of the 3rd China International Film Festival London.	He has also won Most Popular Male Celebrity of Asian Influence Awards Oriental Ceremony.
[3] I recommend you to listen to his song Tough Pill. It is very good. It's a very good song.	[3] I'd like to recommend Tough Pill for you. The melody of the song catches the ears. With the drum design of the arrangement, the emotion is pushed forward step by step and gradually becomes strong.
You can listen to it. It's very catchy.	Yes, a lot of people have listened to it and they have feelings of it.
[4] OK, do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Shall I play it for you now?
Tough Pill is playing for you.	Here it goes. Please enjoy it.
I'm glad you like it.	[5] Next time if there's any good music, I'll recommend it to you, goodbye.
Virgo.	She's a Virgo.
[2] You're welcome. Mi Yang is known as the goddess of variety show. Do you like her?	[2] You're welcome. Do you like her? Mi Yang is a well-deserved Queen of Ratings.
She has won the Best Actress of the Golden Bauhinia Award. Her acting skills are really good.	She has won Best Actress of Houston International Film Festival. She's a great actress.
[3] Have you seen her movie The Bare-Footed Kid? It tells the story of a kid who falls in love with a girl. It's very touching.	[3] Since you like her movies so much, Cities In Love from Mi Yan is recommended for you. The film is shot in Prague, Shanghai, Paris, Hokkaido and Florence these 5 cities with different cultures.
The director is Zhiliang Luo.	The directors are Muye Wen and Runnian Dong.
You're going to love it.	I'm sure you'll like this movie after you've seen it.
OK, see ya!	OK,have a good night, goodbye!
Today is January 18, 2018.	It's April 7, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Jiong He's birthday.	[2] You're welcome. Today is Jackie Chan's birthday, do you know that?
Yes, he is also one of the 25 greatest actors in Asia on CNN.	He is also a veteran star, and has won the MTV Film Award for Lifetime Achievement Award.
[3] I'd like to recommend a movie named Jackie Chan's Jackie Chan's Lost in Thailand, which is worth watching.	[3] If you are a big fan of Jackie Chan, don't miss Jackie Chan: My Story.
It's a documentary.	It's documentary.
I'm sure you'll like it.	I'm sure you'll like it.
Bye!	Bye, next time.
Today is May 17, 2018.	It's October 15, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. Today is also Jimmy Lin's birthday.	[2] Lol, I'm honored. By the way, you know what, it's still Jimmy Lin's birthday.
Yes, he is a popular idol and won the Outstanding Chinese American Award of the 3rd China International Film Festival London.	You have a good taste. He is also a candidate for the list of Inspirational Youth Figures in 2012 and has won the All-round Celibrity Award of the China TV Drama Awards in 2013.
[3] Yes, I'd like to recommend you to watch his movie Secret. This movie is very good. Would you like to see it?	[3] Speaking of him, I recommend that you take a look at his To Miss with Love. This lineup now seems absolutely powerful, and it's still very funny.
Yes, it's a comedy with a good reputation.	You're right. It's a good comedy.
I'm sure you'll like it.	Mm-hmm, I'm glad you like it.
Okay, bye.	All right. Bye.
Hello, today is October 15, 2018.	Good morning, It's September 16, 2018.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, today is also Bingbing Fan's birthday. She was born on September 16, 1981.	[2] It's OK. You're welcome. Today is Bingbing Fan's birthday. She was born on September 16, 1981.
Yes, she has won the Best Actress of Hong Kong Film Awards. She is really excellent.	She has also won the Best Actress Award of Berlin Chinese Film Festival, which proves her strength.
[3] Then I'd like to recommend a song she sang to you, She's Gone Far Away. It's a song full of mysterious and romantic feelings. Bingbing Fan sings with sincere feelings and sincere words.	[3] Since you like her, I recommend her New Shaolin Temple to you. This movie is very good. The water tank scene of Bingbing Fan is really cruel.
It's an action and feature movie.	This is an action movie.
I'm sure it won't let you down.	I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
Bye!	Talk to you later, goodbye~
He's a Taurus.	Yes, he is a Taurus.
[2] Speaking of Jiong He, he's the Most Popular TV Host among college students in China Student Television Festival.	[2] Really? What a coincidence! Jiong He is a famous host in the mainland.
Yes, he has also won the 25th Golden Eagle Award for Excellent Host of China TV.	He has also won the Top Ten TV hosts with the Most Web influence  in the third China Film and Television Web Influence Conference.
[3] I'd like to recommend his song There Is a Place. Jiong He's singing is very beautiful. It's very catchy.	[3] He can not only host, but also sing. Goodbye is a good song.
Yes, but it's also very good. He sings very well.	It's so magical that I want to cry every time I listen to it. Do you want to listen to it?
[4] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[4] Shall I play for you now?
There you go.	Yeah, I hope you like it.
Bye!	Sure.
Well, pretty good.	Well, I'm in a good mood today, very relaxed.
I did well in today's exam.	Nothing special. It's easy to study today so I'm in a good mood.
I don't want to listen to music for the time being.	I don't want to talk about music right now.
I want to know about his achievements.	I'd like to know the online comment about him.
Wow, that's amazing.	His acting and singing skills are very good.
I've seen it.	I'm not very interested in this movie.Please recommend another one.
What's the score?	Who are the leading actors in this movie?
OK, I'll see it when I have time.	I like them all very much. It sounds good. I want to have a look.
OK, see ya!	OK, bye.
Good evening.	Good afternoon!
I'm so happy with my study recently. I did well in the exam.	I've made progress on study.I've learned everything teachers have taught.
My name is Xinxiang Yu.	My name is Xinxiang Yu.
Yes.	Yes.
I'm six years old.	I'm six years old.
I like small animals, animation and children's songs.	I like to play with little animals.
[6] You're welcome. I'm going to study. Bye.	[6] You're welcome. I'm going to bed now. Talk to you tomorrow.
Goodbye.	Byebye!
OK, it's sunny with southwest winds today. The high will be 17 ℃, and low 3 ℃.	It's sunny with northeast wind. The highest temperature will be 20 ℃, and lowest 11 ℃.
[2] It's a nice day to have Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili.	[2] You're welcome. I think this kind of weather is suitable for eating Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili.
The taste of grilled grouper is great.	This hot dish is good.More importantly you'll feel warm after eating it.
[3] If you want to eat, I recommend you to go to Ruiyu Roasted Fish. Their specialty is Boiled Fish with Pickled Cabbage and Chili.	[3] Well, I think the taste of Lugang Seafood&Bengang Sichuan Cuisine is really good.
The price per person is 31 yuan.	82.
It's at No.3-4, Zhongshan Road, Shinan District (diagonally opposite to China Pacific Insurance Building).	It is located at 22 Hengzhu Road, Siming District (at the end of Renhe Road entrance of ferry terminal)
4.7 points.	It's 5.
OK, I'll make a reservation for you now.	OK, I'll make a reservation for you right away.
OK, see ya!	All right. Bye!
It's Taurus.	Leehom Wang is a Taurus!
[2] Leehom Wang has won the Golden Melody Award for Best Male Mandarin Singer.	[2] I also know that Leehom Wang is the most Popular Male Singer of the MTV Asia Awards in Taiwan!
Yes, he has won the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart and the Best Male Singer of Global Chinese Golden Chart!	You have a good eye. He has also won the 15th Huading Award for the Global Best Singer.
[3] Would you like to listen to his song The Crescent? This song is very beautiful. Leehom Wang wrote a beautiful and lyrical song that resonates with people.	[3] I happen to have a super nice music from him to recommend. Are you interested?
Do you want to listen to A Life Of Fighting Is But A Dream, which is also the theme song of World of Sword.	I recommend his wonderful Chinese Zodiac(Live) to you. He arranges the Chinese Zodiac to be catchy. The cheerful melody and refreshing lyrics make this song popular with many people.
[4] Do you want me to play this song for you?	[4]Shall I play it for you?
It's playing for you.	Chinese zodiac (Live)is being played.
I'm glad you like it.	You're welcome. I'm glad you like it!
Bye!	Bye!
Good morning. I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	Good morning. I feel bored of my work recently. It's so boring.
Yeah, I'll try.	I see. Thank you!
My name is Jiaofei Zhang.	Sure. My name is Chaozheng Sun.
I'm a man.	No. I'm a man for sure.
I'm 26 years old.	I'm 53.
I usually like to follow the news of stars and listen to music.	Listen to the music and watch the news.
[6] Well, thank you for your compliment. I'm going to work. Bye.	[6] I see. Thank you! I'm going to work.Talk to you next time!
See ya!	Goodbye!
Not very good. My study is backward.	Hello, I'm not so good recently. My study has fallen back.
Thank you for your encouragement. I will work harder.	Thank you for your encouragement, I will work hard!
My favorite movie is The Big Goodbye.	I like Flying With You best
I like Bo Huang best.	My favorite is Jimmy Lin.
Yeah, Jimmy Lin is my idol.	Yes, he is my idol!
He is a great idol! I like him very much.	Wow, this is really great.
I've seen this one. Anything else?	Sorry, I'm not interested in it.
Who is the director?	What kind of movie is it?
Then I must see it.	OK, I'll go and have a look if I have a chance. Thank you for your recommendation!
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Today is January 18, 2018.	It's October 18, 2018.
[2] You know what? Today is Xun Zhou's birthday.	[2] Thanks for your praise. You know what, today is also the birthday of the famous actor Xun Zhou. She was born on October 18, 1974.
You have a good taste. She has won the Best Actress Award at Tokyo International Film Festival. You have a good eye.	Did you know that she has won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actress?
[3] I'd like to recommend you her movie Heroes 2. Xun Zhou's performance in the movie is really amazing.	[3] Have you seen Golden Rooster Award for Best Actress starred by Xun Zhou? It's a memorable domestic movie. I recommend it to you.
The director is Sung Kee Chiu.	The director is Yan Xie.
I'm sure you'll like it.	You can go and have a look. I'm sure you'll like it.
OK, see ya!	OK, have a good night, goodbye.
OK, it's playing for you.	It's playing for you.
[2] You're welcome. By the way, do you want to listen to The 18 Martial Arts? It's the theme song of the movie Secret.	[2] Thank you for your praise. I recommend you to listen to Big City, Small Love. Leehom Wang performs it freely. The music is quiet and simple, and the melody is clean and smooth. It's very nice!
Then you must like The Sun Washed by Spring Rain. This song is full of deep feeling. The lyrics are beautiful and sincere. Do you like it?	OK, then you can listen to  Crying Palms, which belongs to Leehom's early influential songs, and it's very different from his current singing style. It's a very interesting song!
Yes, it's a very popular song!	Yes, it's a song about a sad love.
[3] Do you want me to play it for you now?	[3] Shall I play this song for you?
It's playing for you.	OK, here it goes.
I'm glad you like it.	I'm glad you like it.
Ok, good night.	Goodbye!
Today is May 17, 2018.	It's November 17, 2018.
[2] Today is also Xiaoming Huang's birthday.	[2] Shijiazhuang is mostly cloudy with north wind. The highest temperature will be 11 ℃, and lowest 2 ℃. The weather is cool.
You're welcome.	You're welcome. It's my pleasure.
Bye!	Bye!
On the way to work.	I'm on my way to school.
I'm in a good mood today.	I'm in a good mood. I did well in the exam.
Sorry, I don't want to talk about movies for the moment.	Now I don't want to talk about movies.
She is my idol.	I really like her.
Yes, she is excellent.	She deserves the prize.
I'm not interested in this song.	I've listened to this. Please recommend another one.
I haven't heard this one. Is there anything else?	Does this song sound good?
I really want to hear it.	I'd like to listen to it.
Okay.	Yes, play it.
Well, thank you.	Thank you.
Bye!	Well, goodbye.
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon!
I'm so happy recently. I just got my bonus.	It's been very easy these days.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	Not really for movies at the moment.
I like him very much. He's my idol.	Ah, it's Jacky Cheung. I like him very much. He's really good at acting.
Yes, he is also the Best Actor of the 32nd Hong Kong Film Awards.	Yeah, he is really powerful.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I'm not interested in this song.
It's very nice.	This is OK. How does it sound?
Then I'll listen to it.	OK, I'll have a try.
Sure.	Yes, please.
It's really good.	It's really good. I love it.
[6] I'm going to work. I'll talk to you next time.	[6] I'm going to have lunch now. Talk to you next time.
Bye!	Bye!
Good morning.	Good morning! Yes, because I have to go to school.
It's very good. It's just that I've regressed in my study.	Recently, I have encountered some difficulties in studying, and I feel a bit stressful.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	Not really for movies at the moment.
Yes, I like her very much.	It's Ruby Lin. I like her very much.
She's really excellent.	She's excellent.
I've heard this song already. Change it.	I've listened to this song, sorry.
I haven't heard this song yet. Is this song catchy?	I haven't listened to it. I'll have a try.
OK, thank you.	OK, I'll have a try.
Yes, please.	OK,  play it.
[6] Thank you. I'm home. Talk later.	It's really like what you said. It's a very good song. I like it so much.
[6] I'm at school. Talk to you later.	[6] Talk to you next time. It's time for me to go to class. Thank you for your recommendation.
Bye!	Bye!
Good evening!	Good evening!
I've been promoted recently. I'm very happy.	It's very good. I got paid today.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	I don't want to talk about movies now.
I like him very much.	Jimmy Lin, I love him.
He is a model of a good man.	He is really excellent.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I've listened.
Is it on now?	It sounds good. I'd like to listen to it.
Okay.	Let me listen to it.
Sure.	Sure.
It's really good. I like it very much.	Your recommendation is really good.
[6] I'm going to have a rest. I'll talk to you later.	[6] It's getting late. I'm going to bed. Bye.
Bye!	Bye!
Good morning.	Good morning!
It's easy to work.	Nothing special. Work is boring.
Not really for movies at the moment.	But I don't want to talk about movies now.
I like her very much.	Mi Yang, I like her very much. Her EQ is very high.
Yes, she is really excellent.	Yes, she's really excellent!
I'm not interested in this song.	I'm not interested in this song.
This song seems pretty good by the name.	This should be great.
Then I'll listen to it.	OK, I'll have a try.
Sure.	Yes, please.
It's really good. Thank you for your recommendation.	It's indeed a good song. I like it very much.
[6] I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you next time.	[6] OK, I have to go to work first. Talk to you next time.
Bye!	Bye!
Good evening.	Good afternoon!
Not bad. It's easy.	I didn't do well in the exam.
Not really for movies at the moment.	But I don't want to talk about movies now.
Yes, I like her very much.	Yes, she is a wise woman.
Na Xie is my idol.	Really? She's really dedicated.
I'm not interested in this song.	Sorry, I don't feel like listening to it for now.
The name sounds interesting.	Sounds good.
Then I'm a little interested in it.	Let me listen to it.
OK,  play it.	OK,  play it.
It's really good. I love it.	It's great. I love it.
[6] I'm going to bed. Talk to you later.	[6] It's getting late. I'm going to bed.
Bye!	Bye!
Good morning.	Good morning.
Pretty good. I've made progress in my study.	I'm bored with my work recently.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	I don't want to talk about movies now!
It's Nicholas Tse, I think he's a handsome guy.	I know Nicholas Tse is the Most Popular Male Singer of RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards. I like him very much!
I like his songs very much.	I love listening to his songs!
I've heard this song. Change it.	I've listened to it. Any other suggestions?
Sounds good.	I haven't listened to this song yet!
I'm looking forward to it.	I really want to listen to it.
Sure.	Yes, please.
Thank you for your recommendation.	Thank you. I like this song very much!
OK, I'm looking forward to it.	OK, I'm looking forward to it!
Bye!	Then I'll go to work, goodbye!
Good morning.	Hello.
I'm very happy recently. I've been promoted.	I've been very happy recently.
I don't like movies very much.	I'm not interested in the film.
Yes, I like Jacky Cheung very much.	I like Jacky Cheung very much. He's a great singer.
Yes, I like his songs very much.	I like his songs very much. His music is very good.
I've listened to this song many times.	I've listened to it. Any other suggestions?
I haven't heard the song yet.	I've never listened to it tbefore. I don't know  how will I feel about it.
OK, I'll listen to it.	I really want to listen to it.
Yes, please.	Yes, please.
Thank you. I really appreciate it.	Thank you for your recommendation. I like it very much.
OK, I'm looking forward to it.	OK, I'm looking forward to it.
Bye!	Next time, goodbye!
Good afternoon.	Hello.
Work is boring.	I'm very happy. I got  promoted.
Not really for movie at the moment	I don't want to talk about movies right now.
Yes, I like her very much.	I also know that she is an excellent actress of China Film Huabiao Award! I like her very much!
Yes, she sings very well.	Yes, I love listening to her songs.
I've heard this song. I'm not interested in it.	I've listened to it. Anything else?
This one I've never listened to.	I haven't heard the song yet.
Okay.	I really want to listen it.
Sure.	OK,  play it.
Thank you. It's a very nice song.	Thank you for your recommendation. I like it very much.
OK, I'm looking forward to it.	OK, I will.
Bye!	Next time, goodbye!
Well, I didn't do well in the exam.	Good evening, not yet. I'm not sleepy yet.
Not bad. I did well in the exam.	It's easy to study recently.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	Not really for movie at the moment
Yeah, I like her very much.	So it's my favorite Na Xie.
Yes, I like her very much.	Yes, Nana is a very straightforward girl.
I'm not interested in this song.	I've listened.
The name is very artistic.	Is it popular?
Then I'll listen to it.	I'll listen to it, too.
Sure.	Yes, please.
[6] OK, I'm going to have a rest. Bye.	Mm-hmm, thank you.
OK, good night.	OK, good night.
Good evening.	Good evening. I'm just at home and I get nothing to do.
I'm very happy recently. I got a bonus.	I'm very good. I did well in the exam. Lol.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	But I don't want to talk about movies now.
Yeah, he's my idol.	Yes, I'm his fan. He's the most popular Asian artist in channelV.
Yeah, he's excellent.	Yes, he is the big boss of singing circle. Everyone likes him very much.
I've heard it. I'm not interested in this song.	Sorry, I'm not interested in this song.
How's the review?	Oh yeah. Is that nice?
Sounds good. I'll listen to it when I have time.	OK, I have to enjoy it.
Yes, please.	Mm-hmm. Yes, please.
[6] Well, I'm home. Talk later.	Thank you very much. It's really nice to have you.
All right. Bye!	OK, bye.
I'm at school.	Good morning. I'm going to work.
I'm very happy recently. I got a promotion.	I've been busy with my work recently.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	I don't want to talk about movies now.
Yes, I like him very much.	It's my idol Bo Huang. He's a positive ambassador.
Yes, he's really good at acting.	Yes, my idol is very powerful.
I've heard that. I'm not interested in this song.	I've listened.
Sounds good.	Is it popular?
Then I'll listen to it.	I'll listen to it.
Yes, now play it.	Mm-hmm.Yes.
[6] OK, I'm going to work. See you next time.	OK, thank you.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Good afternoon.	Good afternoon.
I've been very busy with my work recently.	I've been taking care of my grandson recently. I'm so tired.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	But I don't want to talk about movies now.
Yes, I like her very much.	I like her. She is like a spirit who gives the soul to the character.
She's really good at acting.	Mm-hmm, She is a rare talented young actress in China and she has absolute strength!
I'm not interested in this song.	I've listened to it many times. Anything else?
I haven't listened to it before.	It's a very popular song. Is it nice?
Mm-hmm. I'm going to listen to it.	Then I'll listen to it.
Sure.	Yeah, please.
[6] Well, thank you. I'll talk to you next time. Bye.	OK, thank you.
Bye!	Yeah, bye!
Good evening, but I'm a little tired.	Good evening, not yet.
Nothing to do, just staying at home.	I'm doing introspection.My study has stepped backwards.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	I don't want to talk about movies.
Yes, I like her.	Ah, it's Xun Zhou. If you ask me which actress I like, the first actor I think of is her, Xun Zhou.
Yes, she is excellent.	Yes, I think Xun Zhou ranks the first actress in today's Chinese film circle.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I've listened.
Well, the name sounds good.	Is it popular?
Then I'll listen to it.	Mm-hmm. I want to listen it.
Yes, please.	Yeah, please.
That's good. I like it.	OK, well, thank you.
Bye!	Yeah, talk to you next time.
Good afternoon.	Good afternoon, cutie.
It's easy.	It's a bit boring!
I don't want to talk about movies now.	Not really for movies at the moment.
I like her very much.	Ah I like Mi Yang. She's a leading actress in China. She's amazing.
Yes, she's really good at acting.	Yes, she has also won Golden Eagle Award for Most Popular Actress. She is very popular with everyone. I like her very much!
I've heard this song. Any other recommendations?	I've listened to this song. I'm not in the mood for the moment.
This song seems good.	I haven't listened to it yet. What kind of song is it?
Then I'll listen to it.	Well, I'll listen to it.
Sure.	Yes, please. I'm free now.
Well, thank you.	Well, thank you very much!
Bye!	OK, bye.
Good evening.	Good evening!
Very good. I've made progress in my study.	Recently, my study is backward, alas.
Not really for movies at the moment.	I don't want to talk about movies.
Cecilia Cheung is my idol.	It's starred by my idol. She should be the most beautiful actress in China. I like the stubbornness in her heart.
She's really great.	Well, she has also won Hong Kong Film Award for Best Original Film Song. She's an all-round person.
I've seen this one. Change it.	I'm not interested in this song.
What's the reputation of this song?	Is it popular?
Then I'll listen to it.	Then I'll listen to it.
Yes, please.	Well, go ahead, please.
Well, thank you.	OK, thank you.
Bye!	Yeah, bye!
On the way home.	At home.
I've made progress in my study recently.	Oh, don't mention it. I've lagged behind.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	I don't want to talk about movies now.
OK, I like her very much.	It's her. I like her.
She's really excellent.	So many awards. Excellent people is different.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I've listened.
Sounds good.	This should be good.
OK, I'll listen.	Sure.
Sure.	Sure.
[6] OK, I'm home. Talk later.	[6] It's really good. I'm going to read a book. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
Very good.	It's not so good. It's boring being at home.
Yeah, yeah.	I don't wanna go out.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	I don't wanna talk about it for the moment.
I like her very much.	Well, she's my idol. Do you know her blood type?
You're right. She's very type O.	You even know that. You're amazing.
I've heard that. I'm not interested in this song.	Bue I don't want to listen to it now.
Sounds good.	The title looks good. I don't know what it sounds like.
I really want to hear it.	OK, I will.
Sure.	Yes, please.
OK, thank you.	[6] I'm going out. Let's talk later.
Bye!	See ya!
I'm on my way home.	On the way to work, I've been under a lot of pressure recently.
I see. Thank you.	I see. Thank you.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	I don't want to see it now.
OK, she's my favorite star.	Well, tell me about her constellation.
Aquarius.	I see. You really know everything.
I'm not interested in this movie.	Sorry, I'm not interested in this song.
This song seems good.	The title of this song is good.
Then I'll listen to it.	Let me listen to it.
OK,  play it.	Yes, please.
[6] OK, thank you. I'm going to work. Talk later.	[6] It's really catchy. Here I'm at the company. Talk later.
Bye!	See ya!
I'm on my way to work.	On the way to work.
OK, thank you for your concern.	Yeah, the work is a little boring.
Not really for movies at the moment.	I don't want to talk about movies now.
Well, Cecilia Cheung is my favorite star.	Who is the star?
Yeah, she's really a beautiful actress.	It's her. She's my idol. I like her very much.
I've heard that. I don't want to hear it for the moment.	I've listened.
I haven't heard this song.	The title is good.
Yeah.	I'll listen to it then.
Sure.	Sure, please.
[6] OK, I'll talk to you next time, goodbye.	[6] It's really good. Here I'm at the company. Let's talk later.
Uh huh.	See ya!
Not bad.	I'm in a bad mood recently.
I didn't do well in the exam.	It's nothing special. It's just that I failed in the recent exam.
Not really for movies at the moment.	Let's change the topic. I don't want to talk about movies for the moment.
It's Hsu Chi.	I don't know. Who?
She's really a beautiful star. I like her.	Wow, it's my favorite star.
I've heard this song. Any other recommendations?	I've heard this song.
I haven't listened to this song. Is it catchy?	I haven't heard this song. Is it catchy?
I'll listen to it when I have time.	Then I'll listen to it.
Sure.	Okay.
The song is catchy.	It's very catchy!
[6] Well, it's time for me to go to bed. Talk to you later.	[6] It's late. Let's talk next time.
See ya!	See ya!
Good morning.	Good morning.
On my way home.	On the way to school. I've made progress recently, so I go to school early.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	I don't want to talk about movies now.
I like him very much. He is a great martial arts actor.	Of course, I like him very much. He's very good.
Yeah, he's really good.	Yeah, he's good at Kung Fu and singing. His songs are very catchy.
I've heard this song. Any other recommendations?	I've heard this song. Do you have any other suggestions?
Is this song sung by Jacky Cheung?	I haven't heard this song before. How about this song?
I'll listen to it when I'm free.	Good. I'm looking forward to it.
Sure.	Of course, go ahead.
It's really good. Thank you for your recommendation.	[6] I'm going to school as listening to songs. That's it.
Goodbye.	Bye!
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon!
I've been very happy recently. I've been promoted.	It's boring every day.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	Not really for movie at the moment
I like him very much.	Well, he is a perfect man, an idol of his age. I like him very much.
Yeah, he's amazing.	Well, his songs have always been my favorite
I've heard this song. I don't want to hear it for the moment.	I've heard this one.
This one I've never heard.	The name of the song gives people a strong sense of patriotism. How about the rhythm?
Then I'll listen to it.	Yeah, I'm looking forward to this song.
Sure.	Yes, of course.
[6] Well, I'm going to work. Talk to you next time.	[6] Well. I'm a little hungry. I'll eat first.
Bye!	Bye!
Not bad.	It's easy to study and I'm in a good mood.
Yeah, I will.	I will.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	I don't want to talk about movies now.
Yes, he is my idol.	Yeah, I like him.
He's a perfect man.	His acting has always been great.
I'm not interested in this song.	I've heard this song.
Sounds good.	It has a sense of age just by listening to the name. How about the melody of this song?
I'd like to listen to it.	Yeah, I'm looking forward to this song.
OK, play it.	Yes, thank you.
It's really good. I like it very much.	[6] Well. I'm going to eat. Bye.
Bye!	Mm-hmm.
Not bad.	I'm very good. The exam results have been released, and I made progress again.
Thank you.	Thank you.
Not really for music at the moment.	I don't want to talk about movies now.
She is my idol.	I really like her.
She's really outstanding.	Yeah, she's excellent.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I'm not interested in this song.
The name sounds good.	I haven't heard this version. How is it?
Well, I'll listen to it.	Yeah, I'm looking forward to this song.
OK,  play it.	Yes, go ahead.
[6] Well, I'll talk to you later. Bye.	[6] Well, I have something to do. I'll talk with you next time.
Bye!	Bye!
Very good.	My exam results are excellent.
Well, thank you for your concern.	Thank you. I'll try my best.
Not really for movies at the moment.	Not really for movie at the moment
I like her very much.	She's my idol. She's excellent.
Yes, her acting is really impeccable.	Really? I like her so much.
I've heard it. I'm not interested in this song.	I'm not interested in this song.
The name of the song sounds good.	It seems to be good just by listening to the name. How's the rhythm?
I'll listen to it.	Well, I'm looking forward to it.
Sure.	Yes, thank you.
[6] I'm at school. Talk to you later.	[6] I'm going to have a rest with the song. I'll talk with you tomorrow.
Bye!	Mm-hmm.
Good afternoon.	Hello, good afternoon.
I'm not happy because I didn't do well in the exam.	It's not very good. I'm a little stressful.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	I don't want to talk about movies now.
Leslie Cheung is my idol.	Yes, I like him so much.
Yes, he's really good at singing.	Yes, his acting and singing are excellent.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I'm not interested in this song. Any others?
Sounds good by its name.	I haven't heard this song before. How about this song?
I'll listen to it when I'm free.	Good. I'm looking forward to it.
Yes, please.	Yes,play it please
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm so happy. I'm going home now. Talk to you next time.	[6] I'm going to eat while listening to the song. That's it.
See ya!	Bye!
I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	Recently, I took an exam, and I did well.
Well, I will.	I don't have pride. Pride will make people lag behind.
I don't want to see it now.	I don't really wanna see the film.
He's my idol. He's my idol.	It turns out that Jacky Cheung is the star of this movie. I like him very much. I think his acting skills have reached the stage of perfection.
Yeah, he's my idol.	Yes, he's a man who is known as super singer. Of course, he's excellent.
I've heard this song. Any other recommendations?	I've heard this song before. What else do you recommend?
Well, I don't know if it sounds catchy.	Is that amazing?
Okay, I want to listen to it.	I'll listen.
Yes, please.	Okay, play it.
[6] Well, it's time for me to go to bed. Talk to you later.	It's a beautiful song. Thank you for your recommendation.
[6] I'm at school. Talk to you later.	[6] I see. I have something to do now. I'll talk with you later.
Bye!	Bye!
Good evening.	Hello
It's OK. It's boring.	Recently, nothing special. Life is boring.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	But I don't want to see movies now.
Yes, I like him very much.	I like him.
Yes, I like him very much.	He's so accomplished, so he's excellent. It's said that Xiaoming Huang can also sing, and he sings well.
I've heard this song. I don't want to hear it now.	I don't want to listen to it now.
This song is very nice.	I like the name of this song.
OK, I'll listen to it.	Okay.
Okay.	Yes, go ahead.
[6] OK, I'll listen to the music first. Talk to you later.	I like this song very much. Thank you for your recommendation.
[6] I'm going to have a rest. I'll talk to you next time.	[6] I have something to do now. I'll talk with you tomorrow.
Bye!	Bye!
It's easy to work recently.	Hello, I just got paid recently.
Sure.	Of course!
Not really for movie at the moment	I don't really wanna see a movie right now.
He's my favorite star. He's the king of box office.	I like him very much.
Yeah, he's really good.	He's really excellent!
I've heard this song. Any other recommendations?	I've heard it. Any other recommendations?
It sounds good. I really want to hear it.	The name of this song is too special.
It sounds very good.	It's so special. I'll listen to it.
Sure.	Yes, play it.
[6] It's a nice song. I have something else to do. Let's talk later.	This song is really good. Thank you for your recommendation.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm going to work. Let's talk next time.	[6] Now it's time for me to go to bed. Let's talk tomorrow.
Bye!	Bye!
Good afternoon. It's been easy to work recently.	How do you do! I've been very busy recently.
OK, thank you for your concern.	Well, I will.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	But I don't want to see movies now.
Well, he's my favorite star.	I like his works. I think his acting skills are very good.
His acting skills are really great.	He is a very hard-working artist. I heard that he also sings well. He's really accomplished!
I've heard this song. Do you have any other recommendations?	I don't really wanna listen to this song now. Let's change it.
This song is really nice.	Wow, is it that great?
OK, I'll listen to it.	Okay.
Yes, please.	Yes, play it.
[6] Well, I'm going to work. Talk later.	This song doesn't let me down. Thank you for your recommendation.
[6] I'm at the company. I'll talk to you next time.	[6] I have something else to do now. I'll talk with you next time.
Bye!	Bye!
I've been very busy recently.	How do you do! I just got promoted recently.
Haha, thank you.	Thank you!
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	Sorry, I don't wanna see a movie now.
Yes, I like her very much.	Really? I'm a fan of her. She has also won Best Actress Award of The Asian Film Awards.
Haha, she's really excellent.	Of course, she not only performs well, but also sings well.
I've seen it.	Sorry, I don't really wanna hear this song.
Who is the singer of this song?	Is it so meaningful?
I really want to hear it.	OK, I'd like to have a try.
Sure.	Yes, please.
[6] I'm gonna go wash up. Talk to you later.	This song really makes people think a lot.
[6] I have something else to do. I'll talk to you later.	[6] Here I'm almost home. Let's talk next time.
Bye!	Bye!
Not bad. It's easy to study recently.	Hello, I didn't do very well in the last exam.
Well, I will.	I work overtime every day to review.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	Sorry, I don't wanna see a movie now.
Yes, I like him very much.	I like him very much. I appreciate his acting skills.
Yes, he is also a good singer.	He sings very well. He's an accomplished artist.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I've listened to this one before. Anything else?
Sounds good.	Listening to the name, I feel this song is so gentle!
I really want to hear it.	Good!
Yes, please.	Yes, play it.
[6] I've got something to do now. Talk later.	This song is really nice. Thank you for your recommendation.
[6] I'm at school now. Talk to you next time.	[6] Here I'm almost at school. I'll talk with you when I have time.
Bye!	Bye!
Very good.	Just so-so. Depressed.
Nothing. It's just I've fallen behind in my studies recently.	Recently, my study has been backward. How can I be happy?
Not really for movies at the moment.	Not really for movies at the moment.
OK, I like him very much.	Yes, Bo Huang is my favorite star. He has outstanding acting skills. He's a national top actor.
That's my idol!	He's really excellent. Bo Huang's acting skills can really be expressed by excellent talent.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I've heard it and I'm not interested in it.
That sounds good.	I haven't heard this song before. How is it?
Sounds good. I really want to hear it.	Sounds good! I wanna listen to it.
Sure. Please get it on.	Yes, yes.
[6] Ha ha, I'm going to have dinner. Talk to you next time.	[6] Well, it's too late. I'm gonna go to bed now. Talk next time.
Bye!	See ya!
Not bad.	It's OK. I'm happy in life.
Yes, but the pressure of study is a little bit heavy.	It's true.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	Not really for movies at the moment.
OK, I like her very much.	Yes, Bingbing Fan is my favorite star.
She is really excellent.	Bingbing Fan is really excellent. She's not only beautiful, but also good at acting.
I've heard it and I'm not interested in it.	I've heard this song before, and I'm not interested in it.
I haven't heard this song. Any other recommendations?	I haven't listened to it before. How is it?
I really want to hear it.	Here your words make me want to listen to it.
Sure.	Yes.
[6] OK, I'm going to sleep. I'll talk to you next time.	[6] OK, I have something else to do. I'll talk with you next time.
Bye!	Bye!
Not bad.	Very good. I've been promoted recently.
Thank you.	Thank you.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	Not really for movie at the moment
He's my idol.	OK, I like him very much.
He is also the Best Actor of the Golden Horse Award.	I'm looking forward to more of his works.
I've heard it recently. Change it.	I've listened to this song. I don't want to listen to it for the moment.
This one I've never listened to.	I haven't heard this song before. How about this song?
This song seems good.	Such being the case, I'd like to hear it.
Sure.	Sure, please.
[6] Thank you. I'm going to bed. I'll talk to you next time.	[6] That's great. I'm going to have a rest. Let's talk when we have time.
See ya!	See ya!
Very good. I've made progress in my study.	I'm very good. I just got paid.
Of course.	I have this plan. Do you have anything to recommend?
Not really for movies at the moment.	Not really for movie at the moment
OK, Jimmy Lin is my idol. I like him very much.	Yeah, he's my favorite star.
Yeah, he's a good man.	Yes, he is not only good at acting, but also very good at singing.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I've listened to this song. I don't want to listen to it for the moment.
Is it on now?	I haven't heard this song before. How about this song?
Okay. I'll listen to it.	Well, that I'd like to listen.
Sure.	Sure, please.
[6] OK, I'm home. Talk to you next time.	[6] That's good. Here I'm home. I'll talk with you when I have time.
See ya!	See ya!
I'm very happy recently. I got a promotion.	I'm very happy recently.
I got a promotion.	Yeah, you're right.
Not really for movies at the moment.	Not really for movie at the moment
Really? Na Xie is my favorite star.	OK, I like her very much.
Yes, she is also a very good host.	Yeah, she works so hard.
I'm not interested in this song.	I've listened to this song. I don't want to listen to it for the moment.
This one is really good. I haven't heard of it.	That I haven't heard yet. I don't know how is it?
OK, I'll listen to it.	Such being the case, I'd like to hear it.
Sure.	Sure, please.
[6] I'm home. I'll talk to you next time.	[6] It's very good. I have something else to do. I'll talk with you when I have time.
See ya!	See ya!
I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	I'm not very good. Recently, my study has been backward.
Thank you for your encouragement, I will do my best.	Yeah, I see.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	I don't want to talk about movies now.
Yes, Jackie Chan is my idol.	Well, he's the top actor in Hong Kong film industry.
Yes, he's also the king of action movies.	He has also won the Oscar Lifetime Achievement Award! Be proud of him!
I've heard this song. Change it.	I've heard this song.
Is it nice?	I've seen the movie, but I haven't heard this song. It should be catchy.
I haven't listened to this song yet. Is it catchy?	Then I need to have a try.
See ya!	See ya!
I'm fine. I got paid.	I'm very good. I've made progress in my study.
Thank you. I will.	OK, I will.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	But I don't wanna talk about movies for the moment.
Nicholas Tse is my favorite star.	I like him very much. He has a sense of responsibility.
His acting is really good.	I like his character very much. He's very frank.
I've heard this song. Any other recommendations?	I'm not interested in this song.
This song seems good.	It should be nice by listening to your words.
I'll listen to it when I'm free.	Then I'll listen to it.
Sure.	OK, that's fine.
It's really good. Thank you for your recommendation.	It's very good. I'll listen to it all the time. Thank you for your recommendation.
Bye!	Bye!
Good evening.	Good evening.
Very good. I've made progress in my study.	It's good. Life is very happy.
Not really for movies at the moment.	But I don't want to talk about movies now.
Jackie Chan is my idol.	I always like him and appreciate him.
It's amazing that you like him so much.	Yes, he has been working hard to bring a lot of good works to us.
I've listened to this song. Change it.	I've heard this song recently. I don't want to hear it now.
Is it a classic Jackie Chan song?	That sounds interesting.
OK, I'll listen to it.	I'll listen to it sometime.
Sure.	OK.
It's really good. I love it.	It's catchy. I like it very much. Thank you for your recommendation.
Bye!	Bye!
Good evening. I'm on my way to work.	I have nothing to do. I'm lonely.
Okay.	OK, talk with me for a while.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	But I don't want to talk about movies now.
Nicholas Tse is my favorite star.	He has won Most Charming Male Actor of Federation of Hong Kong Film.
Yes, he is excellent.	He has been the best in my heart for 15 years.
I'm not interested in this song.	Sorry, I'm not interested in this song.
It sounds very good by the name.	This sounds very good.
OK, thank you.	OK, I'll listen to it.
Yes, please.	Yes,please.
[6] Thank you very much. I'm at the company. I'll talk to you later.	It's catchy. I like it very much. Thank you for your recommendation.
Bye!	Bye!
I'm fine. I've been promoted recently.	I'm working very well. I just got a bonus.
Thank you for your concern.	Ha ha. OK, I hope so.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	Thank you for your recommendation, but I don't want to talk about movies now.
I don't know much about Jacky Cheung.	Of course I know. He's my top actor idol.
Haha, he's really excellent.	Yes, and his acting is amazing. That's why I like him.
I've heard this song. I don't want to hear it now.	He sings very well, but I've heard this song before. I don't like it very much.
It feels like a sad song.	Wow, it's a very thoughtful song.
Then I'm looking forward to this song.	Then I have to listen.
Yes, please.	OK, go ahead.
[6] I'm going to work. I'll talk to you next time.	It's really touching. It's very catchy.
[6] Thank you. I'm going to have dinner. I'll talk to you later.	[6] Well, talk later. I have something else to do.
Bye!	Goodbye.
Very good.	It's good recently. It's easy to learn.
Thank you.	Ha ha, I'm flattered.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	But I don't really want to see a movie for the moment.
Yes, I like her very much.	I like her. I think she's so beautiful.
Yes, she is excellent.	She's really worthy of being my idol. She's excellent. She's also a rare female artist in China.
I've heard this song. Change it.	Unfortunately, I'm tired of listening to this.
Sounds good.	I really haven't heard it. Just the name makes me feel it's very artistic.
I'll listen to it when I'm free.	Then I'll listen to it.
Sure.	OK, go ahead.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'll talk to you next time.	It's really catchy. It's really a beautiful melody.
[6] It's time for dinner. Talk to you next time.	[6] Ha ha, it's time for me to go to bed. See you later.
Bye!	Well, bye.
Well, I'm not very good.	Oh, don't mention it. I failed in the last exam.
I hope so.	Thank you. I see. I'll cheer up.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	I don't want to see a movie recently.
Well, Aaron Kwok is my idol.	Yes, he is my idol, and he is also one of Ten Outstanding Young Persons of Hong Kong.
He is also a model of a good man.	Yes, I like other people praise my idol.
I've heard it. I don't want to hear it now.	I've just heard it. I won't listen.
Not bad.	Is that Aaron Kwok's song, too?
OK, I'll listen to it.	That's great. I'll try.
Yes, please.	Yes, go ahead.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'll listen to it when I have time.	Wow, it's really catchy.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I have to go.	[6] OK, I gotta run. I'll see you later.
See ya!	Bye.
Not bad.	Hello, it's almost final term recently. I'm under a lot of pressure.
Thank you. I will.	Yeah, I will.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	But I don't wanna talk about movies for the moment.
Yeah, I like him very much.	So familiar. In fact, he's my idol. And he has sung in a bar, which is very hard.
Yes, he is really excellent.	Yes, I must see all his films.
I've heard this song. Do you have any other recommendations?	I've heard this one. Change it.
Well, I have to listen to it.	Is that sung by my idol? I haven't heard it.
OK, I'll listen to it.	Then I must listen to it.
Sure.	OK, go ahead.
[6] It's really a good song. I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you later.	Well, it's really good. It's a very charming song. It's good.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm gonna go to bed. Let's talk next time.	[6] You know me, but it's time for me to have class. Goodbye.
Bye!	Yeah, bye!
Not bad. I did well in the exam.	It's very good recently. I feel very relaxed.
OK. I see.	Mm-hmm, I am.
Not really for movies at the moment.	I don't really wanna see this.
OK, Nicholas is my favorite star.	He's a handsome, rich and half-blooded male star in entertainment industry, so I certainly like him.
Yes, he is excellent.	Of course. Generally speaking, I certainly have a good eye.
I've heard this song. I don't want to listen to it now.	No, I don't like this song now.
I haven't listened to this song before. It's really a good song.	Is it also my idol's song?
Well, I'm gonna listen to it.	Then I have to support it.
Sure.	OK, go ahead.
[6] Mm-hmm. Thank you for your recommendation. I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you next time.	It's really catchy. I have to say that my idol sings very well.
[6] OK, I'm going to have a rest. I'll talk to you next time.	[6] It's good to have you. I'll have a rest first. See you later.
Bye!	OK, goodbye.
Good afternoon!	Hi!
It's good recently. I did well in the exam.	Recently, I make progress in learning. I'm quite happy.
Not really for movies at the moment.	Sorry, I don't want to talk about movies for the moment.
He's my idol! I like him very much.	I like him very much.
It's really great. He's excellent.	I hope he can bring us more excellent works!
I'm not interested in this song.	I'm not interested in this song, sorry.
I haven't listened to this song before.	Really? It sounds very good!
OK, I'll listen to it.	OK, I haven't listened to a song for a long time!
Yes, please.	Sure, please.
I'm glad you like it.	It's a good song. Thank you for your recommendation.
[6] Well, I'm going to study. I'll talk to you next time.	[6] It's time. I'm going to sleep. It's relax to chat with you!
Bye!	Goodbye!
Good afternoon!	Good morning.
Very good. I've been promoted.	Life is boring and I'm too lonely.
Not really for movies at the moment.	I don't wanna talk about movies at the moment. Sorry.
Na Xie is my favorite star. She's a model worker in the entertainment industry.	She is the Mainland Comedy Superstar. Who doesn't like her? I'm her fan.
Yes, she is excellent.	Yeah, she's the best hostess. I like watching her shows very much.
I've heard that. Anything else?	I don't wanna listen to this song for the moment.
This one is worth listening.	Well, I'm a little curious. Is it as good as you say?
OK, I'll listen to it.	I will listen to it.
Sure.	OK, thank you. Go ahead.
It's really good. I love it.	Good, it's a good song you recommend. I like it.
[6] It's time for me to go to bed. I'll talk to you next time.	[6] Thank you very much. It's nice to have you. I'll go out and exercise for a while and talk later.
See ya!	Bye!
Good afternoon!	Hello.
I'm very happy recently. I've been promoted.	Ha ha, I've been promoted recently.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	Not really for movies at the moment.
Okay, I like her very much.	OK, I like Hsu Chi's performance very much. I will continue to support her and like her.
Yes, she's excellent. I will always support her.	Yes, she is also a member of the committee of Cannes International Film Festival. She's so outstanding.
I'm not interested in this song.	I've heard it. I don't wanna listen to it for the moment.
The name sounds good.	The title of the song seems to be interesting.
I'll listen to it when I'm free.	I'll listen to it and to see if it's as good as you say.
Yes, please.	OK, please play it.
[6] Thank you. I'll talk to you next time. Bye.	It's really a interesting song. It's very good.
[6] Well, I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you later.	[6] Yes, I'll go home first. I'll talk to you later.
See ya!	Goodbye!
Good afternoon!	Hello.
I've been very busy with my work recently.	I've been busy with my work recently.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	But I don't wanna talk about movies for the moment.
Jackie Chan is my idol.	OK, I admire and like him very much.
Yes, he is the first Chinese director to enter the Hong Kong film industry. He has won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Leading Actor.	Well, that's right. He is the senior actor, and also the pride of Chinese people!
I've listened to this song many times.	I don't want to hear it for the time being.
Sounds like a very positive song.	Really? I like Cantonese songs.
Okay.	OK, trust you. I'll listen.
Sure.	Well, go ahead, please.
That's good. Thank you very much!	What you recommend is really to my taste. I like such songs.
OK, goodbye!	Goodbye, thank you.
Good morning.	Good morning!
Not bad, but I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	I'm a little lonely recently.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	Not really for movies at the moment.
Okay, I like him very much.	I like him very much. I follow him.
He is also the Outstanding Youth of Sina Entertainment's 15th Anniversary Celebration.	Mainly, he's very excellent. He's like a sunny and refreshing teenager, who has been staying in my 17-year-old.
I've heard it.	Actually, I'm not interested in this song. I'm sorry.
This one sounds good.	Sounds good. I'll listen to it.
Then I'll listen to it.	Then I'll listen to it.
Sure.	Yes, go ahead. Let me listen to it.
[6] It's time for me to go to bed. Talk to you later.	That sounds catchy. That's good. Sure enough, I'll like it.
[6] I've got something to do now. Talk later.	[6] Ha ha, I'm going to buy vegetables. I'll talk with you when I have time.
Goodbye!	See ya!
Good afternoon!	Hello, friend.
I'm very good recently. I did well in the exam.	Well, my grandson is not here recently. I'm lonely.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	Sorry, I don't want to talk about movies now.
Yes, he's excellent. I like him very much.	I like him. He is a superstar, and I can't resist his charm.
Yes, he is one of my favorite stars.	Fantastic.
I've heard this song. Let's change it.	I've heard it. I don't wanna listen to it for the moment.
Sounds good.	This song has a good name.
I'll listen to it.	I'll try to listen.
Yes, play it.	Well, go ahead, please.
[6] Thank you. I'll talk to you next time. Bye.	That's a good recommendation. Thank you!
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm going to have dinner. Let's talk later.	[6] It's nice to have you here. I'll wash up and talk with you later.
Bye!	Goodbye.
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon, friend.
It's easy.	I've been a little busy recently.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	Well, I don't want to talk about movies right now.
Yes, he is my favorite star.	I like him. He is recognized as an accomplished actor. I like watching his films and TV works.
Ha ha, he is really excellent.	I hope he can have more good works.
I've heard it.	I'm not interested in this song, sorry.
I haven't heard this song yet.	The name of the song is so kind.
I'll listen to it.	OK, I'll listen.
Yes, please.	OK, thank you. Go ahead.
[6] Thank you. I'll talk to you next time. Bye.	It's really a catchy song. I like it.
Bye!	See ya!
Good morning.	Good afternoon!
On the way to school.	I'm on my way to work.
Not really for movies at the moment.	Well, I don't want to watch movies now.
Well, I like her very much.	I like her all the time. She's my idol.
Ha ha, she's excellent.	She's excellent, as always.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I've listened to it.
Sounds good.	Is it pleasant to hear?
Let me listen.	Then I want to hear it.
Sure.	Okay.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm on my way to work.	Thank you.
Bye!	OK, I see. Bye!
Good evening.	Good evening.
I'm so happy. I've been promoted recently.	It's not very good. I have regressed in study.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	Thank you. But I don't want to see movies now.
Chao Deng.	No, I don't. Who is it?
Well, she's my idol.	She's my idol, an actress with perfect figure in entertainment circle.
I've heard this song. Anything else?	I've listened to it.
Is it popular?	The name sounds good! Is it catchy?
Then I'll listen to it.	Mm-hmm, I'd like to give it a try.
Yes, please.	Yes, please.
It's really good. I like it.	Thank you!
See ya!	Mm-hmm, bye.
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon, sweetie.
On the way home.	I'm on my way home.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	Thank you. But I don't want to see movies now.
Yes, it's Xun Zhou.	Surely I know. It's Leslie Cheung, the famous artist from Hong Kong.
Yes, he's really great.	He died young. But he will always live in my heart.
I'm not interested in this song.	I've listened to it.
Is it popular?	Sounds good?
Then I'll listen to it.	Then I'll have a try.
Sure.	Sure.
That sounds good. Thank you.	Mm-hmm, thank you!
Bye!	Bye!
Good morning.	Good afternoon!
I've been under a lot of pressure recently.	Good! I feel relaxed.
Not really for movies at the moment.	Not really for movies at the moment.
Well, I like her very much.	Yeah, I know that. She's my idol.
Ha ha, I also know that her acting is very good. She has won the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actress.	Yes, I like her more and more. She's melancholy, sexy and attractive.
I've heard it. I'm not interested in this song.	I've heard that.
It sounds good.	Is it pleasant to hear?
I'll listen to it.	Then I want to hear it.
Yes, please.	Okay.
[6] It's really good. I'm home. Talk later.	OK, thank you.
OK, bye!	OK, bye!
Good afternoon!	Hello, little housekeeper.
I'm at school.	Nothing. I'm a little lonely.
I don't want to watch movies now.	Well, I don't want to watch movies now.
Yes, I like her very much.	I like her very much, and I also like the shows she hosts.
Yes, she is excellent.	I like her a lot. She's a comedian, very funny.
I'm not interested in the song.	No, I don't.
It's a good name.	The name sounds good! Is it catchy?
I'll listen to it.	OK, I'll give it a try.
Yes, please.	All right.
Let me enjoy it.	Thank you. Love you!
Bye!	Mm-hmm, bye.
Good afternoon.	Mm-hmm, you are so smart!
It's OK. I've got paid recently. It's just that the work is boring.	Not bad. It's just that the work is very boring.
I don't want to see a movie now.	Thank you. But I don't want to see movies now.
Cecilia Cheung is my favorite actress.	Really? She is my favorite star. I like her very much.
She is really a good actress.	Mm-hmm, she acted very well, no matter what kind of character it is.
I'm not interested in this song.	I have heard this song before.
The name sounds interesting.	Sounds good! Is it catchy?
Well, I'll listen to it.	Well, I'd like to give it a try.
OK,  play it.	Yeah.
It's really good. I like it very much. Thank you.	Thank you. Love you!
Mm-hmm. I'm going to work. See you later.	OK, talk later!
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon, you encyclopedia!
I'm very happy recently. I got a promotion.	It's good at work. I've got a promotion.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	I don't want to talk about movies now.
Yes, he is my favorite star.	I like him. He set a good example for us.
Yeah, I love his movies.	Mm-hmm, he's also won the Golden Horse Award for Best Actor. It's impressive!
I'm not interested in this song.	I've listened.
I haven't listened to it yet.	The name sounds good! Is it popular?
Then I'll listen to it.	I'd like to listen to it.
OK,  play it.	Sure, please.
OK, thank you.	Mm-hmm, thank you! I will.
Bye!	Yeah, bye!
Not bad, just a little busy at work.	I've got paid recently. I'm very happy.
I like watching movies very much.	Yes. I often watch movies when I'm bored.
Not really for movies at the moment.	Sorry, I'm not bored now and I don't want to see movies.
He's my idol.	He is my idol. I like him very much!
Yes, I like his songs very much.	He was the first Chinese singer who got famous in South Korea. I like listening to songs by him very much.
I've heard this song. I don't want to hear it now.	I've heard this song before.
It sounds good.	I've never listened to it before. The name sounds very artistic.
OK, I'll listen to it.	I wanna listen to it now.
Yes.	OK,  play it.
It's really good. I like it very much.	Thanks for your recommendation. It's very catchy. I like it very much.
Bye!	Bye!
Not bad. It's easy to study.	I've got paid. I'm very happy.
Yes, I like watching movies very much.	Thank you! I have no idea to see which movie.
Not really for movies at the moment.	Sorry, I've seen it. And I don't want to talk about movies now.
He is my idol. I always like him.	I like him! He's my idol.
Yes, I like his songs very much.	I especially like listening to his songs.
I've heard this song. Recommend another one.	I've already heard it. What else do you recommend?
Sounds good.	I haven't checked this one yet.
I really want to hear it.	I'm free now.
Yes, please.	Sure, please.
It's really good. I like it.	I like it very much. Thanks for your recommendation!
[6] I have something else to do. Talk to you next time.	I'm looking forward to it.
Bye!	See ya!
I'm very happy today.	It's complicated.
Yes.	Yeah, the work is too boring. I've got nothing to do.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	Well, I don't want to talk about movies right now.
Yeah, I like her very much.	Well, I like the programs she hosts.
Yeah, she's excellent.	I hope she can be better in the future.
I'm not interested in this song. Change it.	I've listened to it. Are there any other songs?
Is it popular?	Sounds like a rhythmic song.
Then I'll listen to it.	I'd like to listen to it.
Sure.	OK,  play it.
[6] I'm going to work. Talk to you later.	Well, thank you.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Good morning. I'm on my way home.	I'm on my way to work.
I'm in a good mood today.	Not good. I feel a lot of pressure from work.
Not really for movie at the moment.	Well, I don't want to talk about movies right now.
Well, I like him very much.	I like the movies starred by him.
Excellent people are excellent everywhere.	Yeah, it's amazing! And he's very handsome.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I've heard this one already. Change it.
Sounds good.	Sounds good!
Let me listen to it.	OK, I'd like to give it a try.
Yes, please.	Yes, go ahead.
[6] I'm going to work. Talk to you next time.	Yeah, I'm listening.
Bye!	OK, see ya!
Good morning.	Good morning.
I'm so happy recently. I've been promoted.	Not bad. It's just that I'm a little busy with work.
Not really for movies at the moment.	Sorry, I don't want to talk about movies now.
Leslie Cheung is my idol.	Yeah, he's my favorite star.
He is also a very kind person.	It's impressive! That's my idol.
I've heard it. I don't want to hear it now.	I've listened to it. And I don't want to listen again now.
The name sounds good.	Was it sung by him? I've never listened to it.
Then I really have to listen to it.	I'll give it a try.
Yes, please.	Mm-hmm. Sure.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm going to work. Talk to you later.	His singing is beautiful, as always. There's one more song on my song list.
Bye!	Bye!
Not bad.	Good evening. I had a good time today. I've got bonus.
I'm thinking about making the most of my bonus.	I wanna save money to buy a big one, hahaha!
I don't want to talk about movies now.	Thanks! But I don't want to talk about movies now.
Ruby Lin is my favorite star.	Ruby Lin? I like her very much. She's my idol.
She's really amazing.	And she always surprises us. I will always support her.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I've listened to it. And I don't want to listen again now.
I haven't listened to it before. I don't want to listen to it now.	Did she sing it? The name sounds very interesting.
Then I'd like to listen to it.	I'm going to listen to it.
Sure.	Yes, go ahead.
[6] I'll listen to the song first, goodbye.	It's really great! I've collected it. Thank you!
Bye!	Bye!
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon!
I'm so happy recently. I've been promoted.	It's good. I've got paid today. I'm very happy.
Not really for movies at the moment.	Well, I don't want to talk about movies now.
Yeah, he's my favorite star.	Yeah, I like him very much. He is my super idol.
He's really good at acting.	Yeah, it will go down in history.
I've heard this song. Any other recommendations?	I've listened to it. And I don't want to listen again now.
How about this song?	Sounds like it's a name of a martial art. Did Jackie Chan sing it?
Well, I'll listen to it.	Then I have to listen to it.
Okay.	OK, play it.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you next time.	It's really cathcy. Thanks for your recommendation!
Bye!	See ya!
Good afternoon!	Good afternoon.
I've been living a life of ease.	Alas! Don't mention it. I'm tired of taking care of my grandson.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	Thanks! But I don't want to talk about movies now.
Jackie Chan, I really like him.	He's my favorite action movie star.
He's also a model worker in the entertainment industry.	Yeah, I will like him forever.
I've listened.	Sorry, I'm not interested in it.
What's the reputation of this song?	Is it sung by Jackie Chan?
OK, thank you.	Well, I'd like to give it a try.
Yes, please.	Yes, go ahead.
Well, thank you.	It's really catchy. There's one more song on my song list.
Bye!	Bye!
Good morning.	Good morning.
It's easy.	I've been a little busy with my work lately. And I'm already dizzy.
Not really for movies at the moment.	Well, I don't want to talk about movies now.
OK, I like him very much. He's my idol.	Yes, and a perfectionist. I've liked him since I was a child.
Yeah, he's a perfect man.	I admire him very much.
I've heard this song. Any other recommendations?	I've heard this song. Not really for it at the moment.
The name is very attractive.	Was it sung by him? I've never listened to it.
Then I have to listen to it.	Well, I'd like to give it a try.
Yes, please.	OK, play it.
Well, thank you. I like it very much.	As expected, it's so catchy!
Bye!	All right. Bye!
Good evening.	Good evening.
I'm fine. The work is easy.	Great! I've got bonus today. I'm so happy.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	Sorry, I don't want to watch movies now.
Yeah, he's my idol.	Yeah, his acting skills and singing are incomparable.
Yes, he's really excellent.	Sometimes it comes to my mind that because he's dedicated to singing, there is a lack of an excellent actor in the filmdom of Hong Kong, hahaha!
I've heard this song. Change it.	I've listened to it.
Is it catchy?	I seem to have heard of the name somewhere. Is it sung by him?
Then I have to listen to it.	I'd like to give it a try.
Yes, please.	Yes, please.
It's really good. I like it.	It does sound catchy. I have collected it. Thank you!
Bye!	Bye!
Good morning!	Good evening.
Very good. I've made progress in my study.	Not bad. It's just that I'm a little busy with work.
Not really for movies at the moment.	Sorry, I don't want to talk about movies now.
Yes, I like him very much.	I like him very much. He is a perfect man in my heart.
Yes, he is excellent.	Its impressive! I knew he would not let us down. I will always support him!
I've heard this song. Any other recommendations?	I don't want to hear that now.
Is it nice?	I've never listened to it. But it's said to be very catchy. Is it?
Then I have to listen to it.	I am going to listen to it carefully.
Yes, please.	Sure, please. I can't wait for it.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm going to work. I'll talk to you next time.	It does sound catchy. I'll collect it.
Bye!	Bye!
Hello, my recent study has regressed. I have regressed again.	Good afternoon. I've made progress in my study. I'm so happy!
Well, I will continue to work hard!	Yeah, I will study harder.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	Sorry, I don't want to talk about movies at the moment.
I like him very much.	Well, he's my favorite star. He's so handsome.
Yes, he is a very loving person.	Yeah. After so many years, he looks still young. He never gets old.
I've heard this song. I don't want to hear it for the moment.	Sorry, I'm not interested in it.
How's the review?	I've seen the variety show, but I haven't listened to the song. How is it?
Sounds good. I really want to hear it.	Well, I'll listen to it.
Yes, please.	Yes, go ahead.
[6] Talk to you next time. Bye.	Hahaha, the cooperation of an adult and a cute child is wonderful. I have collected this song.
Bye!	Bye!
Good evening.	Good evening.
It's good. I've made progress in my study.	Very good! I've got good grades.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	Not really for movies at the moment.
Na Xie is my favorite star. She's my idol.	I like her very much. She has a good personality.
Yeah, she's excellent.	Yes, she is a versatile person.
Sorry, I'm not interested in this song.	I've listened to it. Are there any other songs?
Is it good?	The name sounds quite attractive.
Okay.	Sounds like a lonely song. I'll give it a try.
Sure.	Sure.
It's really a good song. I love it!	[6] It's really good. I'm going to bed. Talk later!
Bye!	Bye!
Good evening.	Good evening.
It's good. I've made progress in my study.	I've got paid recently. I'm very happy.
Not really for movies at the moment.	But I don't want to talk about movies now.
Yes, I really like her.	I like her very much.
Yes, she's excellent.	Yes, and she's beautiful, elegant and gentle.
I'm not interested in this song.	I've heard this song. Any other recommendations?
I haven't heard this song yet.	Yes, but I haven't heard Bingbing Fan sing it.
That sounds good. I'll listen to it.	Sure. She's my idol. How can you not listen to it?
Sure.	OK,  play it.
It's really nice. I love it.	[6] It's really good. I've got stuff to do. Talk later!
Bye!	Bye!
Good evening. I'm on my way home.	I've got bonus. I'm thinking how to celebrate it.
Sure.	I think so.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	Sorry, I don't want to watch movies now.
Well, I really like her.	I like her very much.
Yes, she's excellent.	In my heart, she is a popular superstar who is versatile.
I've heard it.	I've heard this song. Any other recommendations?
Is it popular?	Is it also sung by Mi Yang?
Then I'll listen to it.	Give it a try.
Sure.	Yes, please.
Well, it's really nice. Thank you for recommending it to me.	[6] Not bad. I've got something to do. Talk to you next time.
See ya!	Okay.
Yes, very much.	No, I'm quite relaxed.
Yeah, I've been studying very hard recently.	Yeah, it's uncommon.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	Well, I don't want to watch movies now.
Cecilia Cheung, I like her very much.	I like her very much.
She's very excellent.	Her acting skills are really great.
I'm not interested in this song.	I've listened to it. Are there any other songs?
Sounds good.	Who is the lead singer of this song?
OK, I'll listen to it.	Wow, I'll listen to it.
Sure.	Yes, please.
I'm glad you like it.	[6] It's really good. I'm going for dinner. Talk later!
Bye!	Bye!
Hi. I've been doing well recently. I've got a bonus.	I'm good. It's just that the work is very boring.
Yeah, yeah.	You are right.
Not really for movies at the moment.	Sorry, I don't want to talk about movies now.
I like her very much. She is the goddess of love.	I like him very much.
Yes, she is an excellent actress.	Yeah, she's great at acting.
I've heard it. I'm not interested in this song.	I've listened to this song.
Sounds good.	The name sounds good! Is it sung by Bingbing Fan?
Then I'm a little interested.	Well, I'll listen to it.
Yes, please.	Yes, please.
[6] I'll listen to the song first. Talk later.	[6] It's really good. I'm going to work. Talk later!
Bye!	Bye!
Not bad.	Not good. I've degressed in my study.
OK, I will.	I will.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	Well, I don't want to watch movies now.
Yeah, I like him very much.	I like him very much.
Yes, he was excellent.	Sure, his singing skills were perfect.
I've heard this song. I don't want to listen to it now.	I've heard this song. Any other recommendations?
It's very popular.	I haven't listened to it, but I think it must be great.
I'll listen to it when I'm free.	Well, I'll give it a try.
Sure.	Yes.
It's really good. I like it very much.	[6] It's really good. I'm at school now. Talk later, bye!
See ya!	Okay.
Very good.	Not bad. I live a happy life.
Thank you.	thank you.
Not really for movie at the moment.	Sorry, I don't want to talk about movies for the moment.
I like her. She's my goddess.	I like him very much.
Yes, I've always liked her.	It's true that she has great acting skills.
I'm not interested in this song.	I've listened to it. Are there any other songs?
It sounds good. You can listen to it.	Is it also sung by Ruby Lin?
Then I really want to hear it.	Well, I haven't heard Ruby Lin sing it. I can't wait to listen.
Sure.	Yes.
OK, thank you.	[6] Wow, it's so catchy. I'll recommend it to my colleagues later. I'm going for dinner, bye!
Bye!	Okay.
Pretty good.	I'm very happy. I got paid today. I'm a little excited.
Ha ha, thank you.	Yeah, yeah. I can relax myself now. I shouldn't push myself too hard.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	Sorry, I don't want to talk about movies for the moment.
Yes, he is my favorite star.	I like him very much. He's my idol, who was very talented.
I really like him. He's a perfect man.	It's amazing! I like his singing very much. It's special.
I've heard this song. I don't want to hear it now.	I've listened to it. Are there any other songs?
Sounds good.	Sounds like an lyric song.
OK, I wanna listen to it.	Then I'll definitely try it.
Sure.	Yes.
OK, thank you.	[6] Thank you! I'm going home quietly with it. Talk later!
Bye!	See ya!
Very good.	Not bad. It's just that there's a lot of pressure from work. It's too hard!
Yeah, yeah.	I see. Thanks for your advice! I'll try it.
Not really for movies at the moment.	I don't want to talk about movies now.
Yes, he is my favorite star.	Yes, I like him very much. He was innocent, handsome and talented.
Ha ha, he is a perfect person.	It's impressive! He was a real superstar. I like listening to his songs very much. They are very infectious.
I've heard this song. Change it please.	I'm not interested in it. Are there anything other songs?
I haven't heard this song. Is there anything else?	Sounds good! I suppose it won't let me down.
Then I'll listen to it.	Well, I can't wait to listen.
Yes, please.	Yes, go ahead.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'll talk to you next time. Bye.	His singing is really fascinating. It can recall a lot of memories. It's magical!
[6] Well, I'll listen to it when I'm free. I'll talk to you next time.	[6] Thanks for your recommendation! I'm going for lunch. Talk later!
Bye!	Goodbye.
Good afternoon. I'm not happy because I didn't do well in the exam.	Good afternoon! It's not so good. I've degressed in my study.
Well, I will.	Yeah, I got it.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	Sorry, I don't want to talk about movies at the moment.
Yes, Leslie Cheung is my favorite star.	I like him very much. He was a talented artist.
He also won the Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actor. It's really amazing.	Yeah, yeah, his singing is very touching. I like it very much.
I've heard this song before. I don't want to hear it now.	I've heard this song. Change it please.
It sounds good by the name. You can listen to it.	Sounds like a profound song. It must be touching and catchy.
OK, thank you for your recommendation.	Well, I can't wait to listen.
Yes, please.	Sure, please.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm going to study now. Let's talk later.	It's really great. His singing is so delicate. I like it very much.
[6] I need to go now. I'm home. Let's talk next time.	[6] Thanks for your recommendation. I'll listen to it carefully for a while. Talk later!
Bye!	Goodbye.
Not bad. I've made progress in my studies.	Good evening. I feel terrible. I didn't do well in the exam.
I hope so.	OK, you made me confident. Thank you!
I don't want to talk about movies now.	Sorry, I don't want to talk about movies now.
Yes, I like her very much.	It's amazing! In my heart, she is a very diligent artist.
That's why I like her so much.	She's a brilliant artist. She's also good at singing. I like listening to the songs by her very much.
I'm not interested in this song.	Well, I don't want to listen to it now.
It sounds good.	The name sounds good! How is it?
OK, I'll listen to it.	Well, I'd like to give it a try.
Yes, please.	Sure, please.
[6] Thank you. I'm going to study. Talk to you next time.	I'm listening. It's very touching.
[6] Thank you for your recommendation. I'm going to bed. Talk to you next time.	[6] I'll listen to it. Talk later!
Bye!	Goodbye.
Hello!	Good afternoon!
I'm very happy with the bonus.	It's OK, but my work is a little boring.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	Not really for movies at the moment.
She's my favorite star.	I like her very much. And I like watching the movies she starred in a lot. Her acting skills are great!
Yeah, I really want to hear that!	I've listen to some of her songs before. They're really good.
I've heard it.	I've listened to it. Are there any other songs?
That sounds good.	The name sounds very interesting.
OK, thank you.	Yeah.
Sure.	Yes.
[6] I'm going to work. I'll talk to you next time.	Well, it's very catchy. Thank you for recommending it to me!
[6] I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you next time.	[6] Here I'm at the company. Talk later.
Bye!	Bye!
Hi.	Hello!
I've been very busy recently.	Not bad. It's relaxing.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	But I don't want to see movies now.
Yeah, I like her.	Yeah, I like her. She has great acting skills.
Yes, and she's really good at acting.	Yeah, she's competent. And she's great at acting as well as singing.
I've heard it.	I've listened to it. Are there any other songs?
Is it catchy?	I like the name of it very much.
OK, I'll listen to it.	Good!
Sure.	Sure, please.
[6] OK, I'm going to have a rest. Talk to you next time.	The song not only has a good name, but also sounds catchy.
[6] I'm at the company. Talk to you later.	[6] I've got something else to do. Talk later!
Bye!	See ya!
Good afternoon!	What's up?
I've been doing my work with ease.	Good! It's just that the work is very boring.
I don't want to talk about movies now.	Not really for movies at the moment.
OK, Na Xie is my favorite star.	I like her very much. And I like watching the programs she hosts a lot.
Well, she's really excellent.	Yeah, she's my idol. Of course she's excellent.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I've heard this song. Change another one.
The name sounds good.	The name sounds very interesting.
OK, I'll listen to it.	OK. I'll give it a try.
Sure.	Yes.
It's really good. I like it.	It's really catchy. Thanks for your recommendation!
[6] I'm going to have lunch. Talk to you later.	[6] My colleagues are calling me for dinner. Talk later!
Bye!	Bye!
Not good. I didn't do well in the exam.	Good morning! Not bad. It's just that I'm a little busy.
OK, I see. Thank you.	OK, thanks for your advice! I will.
But I don't want to talk about movies now.	Well, I don't want to watch movies now.
I like him very much.	I like him very much. I think he's great at acting.
Yeah, I really like him.	That's my idol, who is so excellent.
I've heard this song. Change it.	I've listened to it. And I don't want to listen again now.
Sounds good by the name.	Sounds like a sad song.
Well, I'll listen to it.	OK, I will.
Sure.	Yes.
It's really a good song. Thank you for your recommendation.	Well, it's very catchy. Thanks for your recommendation!
Well, I'm looking forward to it.	[6] OK, I see. I'm at the company now. Talk later!
Bye!	Bye!
Not so good. My study is backward.	Hello! Not bad. It's just that there's a lot of pressure from study.
Thank you for your advice.	OK, I will. Thanks for telling me that!
But I don't really want to talk about movies now.	Well, I don't want to watch movies now.
Aaron Kwok is my favorite star. He's really charming.	I like him very much. He's a superstar, who is very cool.
Yeah, he's really excellent.	He's really excellent. He's really my idol.
I've heard it. I don't want to hear it now.	Sorry, I've listened to this song. Could you please recommend another one?
Is this the most popular song among the female fans?	The name seems to have a deep meaning.
OK, I'll listen to it.	Yes.
Okay.	Yes.
Thank you. That's great.	It's a beautiful song. Thank you for your recommendation.
[6] You're welcome. I'll talk to you next time. Bye.	[6] I'm going to study. Talk later!
Bye!	Bye!
Very good. I've made progress in my study.	Hello! I'm good. It's just that the work is very boring.
I like to listen to music.	OK, I will. Thank you for reminding me!
I don't want to talk about movies now.	Not really for movie at the moment
Yeah, I love Jacky Cheung.	I like him very much.
Yeah, I like his songs very much.	Thanks! The point is that he's very excellent. That's why I like him so much.
I've heard it. Change it.	I've listened to it. Are there any other songs?
The name sounds interesting. How's the review?	The name sounds so sad!
I'm looking forward to it.	OK, I'll give it a try.
Sure.	Yes.
[6] It's time for me to go to work. Talk to you next time.	It's really catchy. Thanks for your recommendation!
[6] OK, I'm going to work. I'll talk to you when I have time.	[6] OK, I see. I'm at the company now. Talk to you next time.
Bye!	OK, goodbye!
